	The dollar advanced against the mark after a report suggested that interest rates in Germany might fall.
This is the second homestand Los Angeles has lost to the strike, after nine games were wiped out Aug.
The seven bills approved by the Assembly, exactly one month after the rape and murder of a 7-year-old, Megan Kanka, now go to the Senate, whose leaders have indicated general agreement.
Last week, the Senate Judiciary Committee released two bills, one that would require convicted sex offenders to provide blood for DNA analysis and storage in a DNA database and another that would allow the attorney general to have violent sex offenders committed through civil action after a criminal sentence had been served.
This season's sales are down slightly, the employee said, partly because Lemieux's status was questionable and partly because the Penguins left the Stanley Cup playoffs early for the second consecutive season, after winning the championship in 1991 and 1992.
A clause of Lemieux's contract calls for a $4 million payment to be paid 30 days after he plays his final professional hockey game.
FORMER CBS EXECUTIVE TO HEAD SONY SOFTWARE  (BC-SONY-SOFTWARE-APPOINT-NYT) Jeff Sagansky, who left CBS in June after leading it to leadership in the prime-time television ratings, will be named president of Sony Software later this week, an industry executive familiar with the negotiations between the two parties said Monday.
Sagansky left CBS after serving as president of the network's entertainment division for five years.
Rumors started swirling in Hollywood this year that Guber was in trouble at Sony after several Columbia films, including ``City Slickers 2'' and ``I'll Do Anything,'' failed at the box office.
Neither Greenspan's sole focus on inflation nor Blinder's willingness to worry about inflation only after the economy hits capacity is a complete answer.
Barry said she was ``quite concerned'' that he might die in the initial hours after he was admitted to the hospital on Aug.
It was not until the scientist's fever, which had reached 103 degrees Fahrenheit, broke a day after he started taking the antiviral drug Ribavirin, and stayed normal that Dr. Barry said she felt he would recover.
Because individuals infected with other viruses closely related to Sabia virus can pass the virus in their urine and seminal fluid for several days after treatment, the scientist has been counseled about how to safely dispose of his urine and to use condoms.
Jerry McKeon, president of the New York Racing Association, put the best light on things and said: ``Saratoga continues to be a magnet for racing fans everywhere, and they continued to support the expanded meet through the entire five-and-one-half-week season.'' Then he turned to the business performances and suggested that they weren't so bad, after all.
was in the works grew Monday after a surge of buying in options for Lockheed stock.
Soon after the sports empire was sold by Viacom Inc.
Gutkowski is on vacation and is expected to return after Labor Day.
``They'll come after the rookie.
An early version of the bill, which specifically referred to bias based on sexual orientation, was revised after several conservative legislators said they would not vote for that.
Last Friday, police officers from Dallas and Irving captured Edwin Bernard Perkins, 33, who was on parole from the Arkansas prison system after serving sentences for aggravated robbery, attempted murder and carrying a prohibited weapon.
Until now, investigators and top officials of the New York City and Transit Police departments have indicated that Del-Debbio was shot by Transit Officer Joseph Fitzgerald after he had fired all five shots at Desmond Robinson, 31, the plainclothes officer who was critically wounded.
The uncertainty concerning when Del-Debbio was wounded underscores how difficult it has been for investigators to come up with a consistent, coherent picture of what took place on the subway platform shortly after 7 that night.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) These are some of the details the investigators now believe to be accurate, the official said: -- That Robinson was shot three times in the back, not twice, and that all three shots came after he had been sent to the ground by the first two shots.
``I don't recollect any gunfire happening after he finished shooting Robinson,'' said Kearns.
Across the street in the Derby Steak House, one of the owners, Andrew Scarsi Jr., 32, heard a commotion, saw the man running up MacDougal Street and took off after him, neighbors said.
He was consecrated a bishop in April 1964 after Pope Paul VI had named him auxiliary bishop of Pittsburgh.
Pope Paul VI appointed him bishop of Pittsburgh in June 1969 after the death of John Cardinal Wright.
But after playing here and in the Big East and we're getting a new stadium, it's getting up to par.'' Rutgers, which played all its home games last season at Giants Stadium, spent $24 million to nearly double its stadium capacity to 42,500.
He got his big chance after Bruce Presley suffered a separated shoulder during a 31-21 loss to Boston College.
Ito said he would rule on whether to make any personnel or other confidential records available after reading written arguments.
The offer by Shapiro came after Ito said he planned to go on vacation Sept.
Preparation began the year before, with teachers and assistant principals from her 24 high schools spending time after school and on weekends learning new teaching methods.
``Even Kugler (former nose tackle Pete Kugler) flew out to see me, and he's so tight he squeaks when he walks.'' But Fahnhorst was still after him to come up to visit him in Minnesota and visit the Mayo Clinic, and because it looked like he was going to need some radiation and chemotherapy anyhow, Ayers figured ``the guys in Amarillo are good, but the Mayo Clinic is the Mayo Clinic.'' ``What a place,'' Ayers says.
Superior and the widow, Carolyn Adams of Altamonte Springs, had agreed to a monthly payment schedule in April, which the bank at first agreed to after its takeover and then halted, Miller said.
His only extended playing time was in 1991, when he quarterbacked the San Francisco 49ers to five victories in six games after Steve Young suffered a knee injury.
CBS -- left with a Bob Lilly-sized void in its programming after losing the rights to the NFL to the Fox Broadcasting Co. in December -- suddenly set its sights on colleges.
Nearly two years after the fact, Copeland vividly remembers the taste left in his mouth from that decision.
It allows you to go after the good athletes.
As recently as 1988, four years after the Supreme Court ruled that the NCAA did not have the authority to dictate a regular-season television plan to the member schools, barely one-fourth of all games (676) were televised.
Another tradeoff: Regular-season basketball has become, in Dodds' words, ``almost worthless.'' Days after the Big 12 closed its $100 million football deal with ABC and Liberty Sports, the Big Eight announced a five-year, $11.5 million deal for basketball.
We play a game at 9:30 in the morning in Los Angeles after kids just played the night before.
Washington was riding high for a while but now is in full rebuilding mode after a 4-12 season.
``I believe we'll win if we play good,'' wagon master Barry said after yesterday's practice at Valley Ranch.
COMPUTER HACKER CAPTURED LOS ANGELES  (BC-HACKER-FUGITIVE-2Takes-LADN) Convicted computer criminal Justin Tanner Petersen has been captured in Los Angeles, 10 months after federal authorities said they discovered he began living a dual life as their informant and an outlaw hacker.
One after another, and then by the dozens, rafts began appearing in the water in front of Havana's oceanfront, known as the Malecon, and a few miles east at Cojimar, which has become the main launching point for those who want to escape from Cuba.
Next up after college is a possible NFL career, then Fauria wants to try the movie business.
ADAMS RETURNS TO PRACTICE, SAYS HE'LL `WALK A STRAIGHT LINE' AUSTIN, Texas (BC-FBC-TEXAS-ADAMS-TEX) Saying he is ``a stronger person'' after an off-season filled with turmoil, University of Texas wide receiver Mike Adams practiced Monday with teammates for the first time in nine months and expressed enthusiasm about his return.
My focus is straight,'' said Adams, who was reinstated to the team Sunday after a 60-day suspension.
A car filled with police loyal to Haiti's de facto government, an ambulance, and a justice of the peace appeared almost magically within minutes after the killing.
Jordan would soon be discouraged and tuck tail back to the NBA after embarrassing himself by trying to hit a baseball.
Long after the game was over, Jordan, along with a couple of security guards, strolled out of the dressing room to his van parked in the left-field lot.
The two sons have admitted killing their parents but claim they feared for their lives after years of physical, mental and sexual abuse.
ROOKIE KICKER APPRECIATES OPPORTUNITY, SHOW OF SUPPORT IRVING, Texas  (BC-FBN-COWBOYS-NOTES-TEX) Cowboys kicker Chris Boniol had a huge sigh of relief after learning he wasn't among the Cowboys' final cuts Sunday.
``I'm only here until they can find a way to get rid of me, and really, getting out of my hometown would help me,'' said Coleman, a Dallas native who was elevated into a sort of local folk hero after some inspiring moments as a rookie in 1993.
``We are concerned that there won't be enough money to cover our people.'' The offer to teachers, brokered over the weekend after several days of mediation, would restore 8 percent to the salaries of teachers who took a 10 percent pay cut more than two years ago.
Tim Leslie, R-Roseville, said he sponsored the bill after the Amador County district attorney's office contacted him about an accused child molester who was applying to have his credentials restored.
``Our lawyers are certain that if we tried to take away his job, we would undoubtedly be sued and and he would win.'' Rivera said LAUSD officials learned of the teacher's history sometime during the past year after he had begun working through a fingerprint check routinely conducted on all new employees.
NORTHRIDGE PARADES ITS PRIDE LOS ANGELES  (BC-LITTLE-LEAGUE-LADN) Northridge Little Leaguer Spencer Gordon told radio listeners in that after winning the national championship last week his new goal is to meet Diamond -- his favorite performer on the ``American Gladiators'' television show.
``This morning I said: `I've got to meet this little hero.' '' And so the victory tour went for Spencer and his teammates, one day after coming home from the Little League World Series in Williamsport, Pa., owners of the national title and second in the world only to a team from Venezuela.
``I didn't think there would be this many people,'' Spencer said after the ceremonies ended and the crowd of several hundred parents, friends and fans began heading home.
At the beginning of the parade and again after arriving at the field, three Los Angeles Fire Department helicopters flew overhead in an aerial salute.
Tuesday's early announcement came after a day of considerable speculation on Wall Street on Monday that Lockheed might be acquired.
Never a fan of tennis after dark, and annoyed that the court and balls were slow rather than slick, Becker played in a fog in the opening set.
If he could make out the perimeters, he didn't play like it: shot after shot was sprayed out of bounds or into the net.
Tuesday's early announcement came after a day of considerable speculation on Wall Street on Monday that Lockheed might be acquired.
A Lockheed spokesman said the merger was announced just after midnight, hours before the stock market opened, because of the considerable speculation on Wall Street and in the news media.
They got out to a 21-0 lead after 19{ minutes of play, averaged better than 6 yards per offensive play and had a lot of fun with Galloway and tailback Eddie George.
Midway through the third quarter, after Fresno State had pulled to within 24-10, Galloway flanked right, swung around to his left to field a pitch, stopped, reversed the reverse, and sprinted into the corner of the end zone for an 8-yard score.
``A third-grade guy knows that.'' But Sweeney said he was pleased that his team, after falling behind 21-0 in the second quarter, had enough spunk to close to within 24-10 in the third.
Tuesday's early announcement came after a day of considerable speculation on Wall Street on Monday that Lockheed might be acquired.
A Lockheed spokesman said the merger was announced just after midnight, hours before the stock market opened, because of the considerable speculation on Wall Street and in the news media.
You want an ambulance?'' Then, after I had assured him I was uninjured he would probably ask: ``You fall out of that thing a lot?
The majority finally prevailed on Bill Clinton's crime bill in the Senate, but only after the minority pout pooped out.
I had to hire one of those liberal ACLU lawyers to sue the school and go before Judge William Wayne Justice, who put me back in school just five days after Principal Tommy Joe promised me I would never again darken the door at LHS.
I thought I'd rest a moment after my century's journey, then spied a small tag sewn to a cushion.
Several forest supervisors and a regional forester -- officials who were second and third in line to the agency's chief -- were allowed to retire after they turned down transfers to other positions within the Forest Service.
The agency would have preferred the investigators' findings remain locked away in the Forest Service file cabinets, releasing them only after a lengthy legal battle with The Daily Sentinel.
Charged after he retired, Senteney pleaded guilty Feb.
When they were, nobody seemed to notice that a bill of sale would be dated sometimes as much as a month or more after the agency bought the horse.
She, however, managed to sublimate her drives into her career and didn't set about making up for lost time until after Thalberg's death, when she became quite the merry widow.
-- In a rare display of good taste, Fox Television has postponed its docudrama, The O.J. Simpson Story, until after a jury decides whether he did it or not.
About 80 percent of them have continued to use it after the first year the device is implanted, according to Wyeth-Ayerst Laboratories, its Philadelphia-based marketer.
However, she became pregnant four months after receiving the implants and asked to have them removed.
She required outpatient surgery under general anesthesia to take it out in October 1993, a year after she first tried to have Norplant removed.
Partially paralyzed after a pool accident five years ago, he's studying drafting at Gwinnett Tech on two voice-activated computers -- one for school, one for home.
Despite a dropoff since the 1989 peak of 85 percent, three out of four graduates of Georgia's public technical schools have jobs in their fields within a year after picking up their diploma.
``People get jobs, and they get good salaries because they know what's going on here.'' Robert Dove came to that conclusion after he couldn't put his education degree to work.
If moving back the kickoff and the spot of the ball after missed field goals doesn't work, what will the NFL do next to torture the placekicker?
``Anything made out of metal after its useful life is over should end up here,'' says Jules Rose, co-owner of Rose Metal Recycling.
Joel Aronson, 34, got in the business after stopping off at a scrap metal yard to ask if he could wash cars.
I was afraid they'd make me disconnect that sucker (which weighs more than Nate Newton after dinner), load it in the back seat of the car and haul it down to the dealer for repairs.
``This bill would allow broad public access to the identities of these sociopaths whom study after study has demonstrated are highly recidivistic,'' the analysis said.
The newspaper story I wrote after our first meeting assures its readers that John Cheever never will write a novel.
Two years after our interview, Cheever's first novel was published, and I suspect it was written grudgingly.
I did hear whisperings before Susan Cheever (his daughter who was still a child in our only encounter) made formal revelation in her family memoir, ``Home Before Dark,'' published a few years after her father's death.
They also would be required to prove the harassment continued after demands that it cease and that it created an economic loss or hardship.
After World War II broke out, the cosmopolitan Ballet Russe based itself in America and, year after year, crossed the country, creating a love for ballet everywhere.
``If it's not the top priority in guest surveys, it's the second.'' Once the issue received public attention, after a widely publicized settlement in a motel rape in Texas in 1991 and an increase in crime against tourists in Florida and elsewhere, no hotel could afford to fall behind.
Thom Davis, an operations consultant to the American Hotel and Motel Association, says the major security advantage of electronic key cards is that ``a lot of places don't have good key control'' and the automatic reprogramming feature eliminates employee neglect -- failure to change a tumbler lock after a key is lost, for example -- as a security risk.
Will one be able to enter Jordan at Aqaba after visiting Eilat?
``The Holy Elizabeth'' and ``The Holy Lucia'' (painted after 1507) and ``Crucified Christ between Mary and John'' and ``The Carrying of the Cross'' (both painted between 1515 and 1517) can be seen in Karlsruhe, 32 miles south of Mannheim, at the Kunsthalle Karlsruhe, 2 Hans Thoma Strasse; (0721) 926 0.
Restaurant people assume a stranger is here to visit the field and act perplexed that the pilgrimage continues five years after the film was released.
She recently returned to the United States after living in Germany for two years and will be travelling across the country for the next few months.
Or will he remain No. 4 in the action hero lineup, after Schwarzenegger, Stallone and Seagal?
Calling himself Van Damme, after a Brussels businessman and close friend, he spent the next five years driving limousines, delivering pizza and even piecing together carpets in a factory in Irvine.
Starting right now, you begin to make announcements, hand out fliers, send speakers to the schools, mail brochures to the homes, runs spots on radio and TV, all saying the same thing -- after a certain date (say two years away) any woman who delivers a baby will not receive welfare for it! And equally important, any boy who fathers a child will know beyond any doubt that it's his legal responsibility to pay for it.
You offer her career counseling, education assistance, and if she insists on having the baby anyway, you mobilize the vastly beefed-up family-law unit in the district attorney's office and go after this deadbeat dad who fathered a child and casually walked away.
This is after all a democracy and if she wants to have the baby then that's absolutely her choice -- you step aside, wish her well and pray that God will help her because from this point forward it's out of your hands.
Meanwhile, Irena beams at me in class as she reads page after page of English.
After World War II broke out, the cosmopolitan Ballet Russe based itself in America and, year after year, crossed the country, creating a love for ballet everywhere.
Starting right now, you begin to make announcements, hand out fliers, send speakers to the schools, mail brochures to the homes, runs spots on radio and TV, all saying the same thing -- after a certain date (say two years away) any woman who delivers a baby will not receive welfare for it! And equally important, any boy who fathers a child will know beyond any doubt that it's his legal responsibility to pay for it.
You offer her career counseling, education assistance, and if she insists on having the baby anyway, you mobilize the vastly beefed-up family-law unit in the district attorney's office and go after this deadbeat dad who fathered a child and casually walked away.
This is after all a democracy and if she wants to have the baby then that's absolutely her choice -- you step aside, wish her well and pray that God will help her because from this point forward it's out of your hands.
With the 49ers, it became an issue in 1982, the year after they won their first Super Bowl, when they brought in tight end Russ Francis and hurdler Renaldo Nehemiah, who was trying to become a wide receiver.
``Even after we signed all those players in December, if you'd have told me we could have improved our defense to the point we did, come close to finalizing our roster and still have room under the cap (albeit probably less than $100,000 by the time of the opening game), I'd have been dancing on the table in the conference room,'' Policy said.
One divorced her husband in June and remarried him in August, prompting from our group a cynical remark about what dogs do after they throw up, the implication being that mistakes don't get better just because you repeat them.
Many return year after year, attracted by the social scene and the horses.
Lisa Murty, whose job is to ring the large bell that signals the time that horses should be saddled in the paddock, was quickly surrounded by several admiring young men after she sounded the call for the seventh race.
--J.C., Arlington, Texas A: Ringo was found dead in a canyon near Tombstone on July 14, 1882, almost nine months after the famous shootout outside the O.K. Corral.
This time he's after a criminal who also heads the security force for a Southern California theme park.
``In general,'' Dr. Armbruster said, ``the least nutrients were found in boiling; steaming was somewhat better and microwaving considerably better still.'' Broccoli, for example, contained about 81 milligrams of vitamin C per 100 grams after boiling, 125 milligrams after steaming and 162 milligrams after microwaving -- double the amount remaining after boiling.
(early summary from wires) 	HAITI-U.N. (United Nations) -- U.N. Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali abandoned his efforts to persuade Haiti's military leadership to step down after General Raoul Cedras, the junta leader, refused to accept the high level mission he had planned to send to the island.
One song after another -- ``Blue Sky,'' ``Seven Turns,'' ``What's Done is Done'' -- becomes a tour de force of stellar, funky musicianship and seen-it-all tales of loves come and gone.
The sound of the Brothers in full flight is tough and sure, but not new -- this, after all, is a band that has been around more than a quarter-century.
Inevitably, many political sentiments look outdated after a century or two.
The Germans had to drop the first two verses of ``Deutschland uber Alles'' after the Second World War because they were doubly politically incorrect in sounding both sexist and expansionist.
For 10 years after the fall of Stalin, the Soviet Union decided not to order new words for its anthem.
Inevitably, many political sentiments look outdated after a century or two.
The Germans had to drop the first two verses of ``Deutschland uber Alles'' after the Second World War because they were doubly politically incorrect in sounding both sexist and expansionist.
For 10 years after the fall of Stalin, the Soviet Union decided not to order new words for its anthem.
But ``it has yet to be determined who will take a look at it,'' Gina Talamona, a spokeswoman for the Justice Department, said shortly after the merger was announced.
But ``it has yet to be determined who will take a look at it,'' Gina Talamona, a spokeswoman for the Justice Department, said shortly after the merger was announced.
Shah Jahan grieved for two full years after his wife's death, wearing drab clothes and forsaking music.
Shah Jahan grieved for two full years after his wife's death, wearing drab clothes and forsaking music.
But the Bosnian Serbs insist on keeping most of the 75 percent of the country that they hold after 28 months of civil war.
Drawing the president as a waffle seems like an all-American update of the 1942 comedy ``To Be or Not to Be.'' In a scene with Jack Benny, one character observes that a herring had been named after the German Chancellor Bismarck and a brandy after Napoleon.
And of course there's that beef dish that was named after the Duke of Wellington.
He wasn't a president, but after Nast began depicting his corrupt Tammany machine as a hungry tiger devouring New York, Tweed bellowed, ``Stop them damn pictures.'' But not just yet.
They are also least likely to succeed in programs to treat smoking, with only about a 6 percent success rate after one year.
Prisoners often are told of their execution only on the previous night, or are shot immediately after a court's guilty verdict.
Prisoners often are told of their execution only on the previous night, or are shot immediately after a court's guilty verdict.
The anti-crime bill, by contrast, had marinated in the legislative process for six years and was subjected to hearing after hearing.
Leading Senate health reform opponent Phil Gramm, R-Tex., confronted with charges of inequity and selfishness, contended his government health plan wasn't really a good deal after all.
As a rule-of-thumb, Eaton said, in the United States finding 75 percent of a large group after about a decade would be considered a good result.
In a country like the U.S., perhaps 80 percent or more of patients would be untrackable after so many years.'' In Denmark, as in the United States, economics and changes in treatment philosophy have led to a reduction of the average length of time people having psychotic episodes are kept in psychiatric hospitals.
In findings he reported last year in The British Journal of Psychiatry, Mortensen discovered that during the first year after patients in the late 1980s were released from the hospital, the rate of suicide among them was 56 percent higher than for patients treated in the early 1970s, when hospital stays were longer.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Further analysis of the records by Mortensen, not yet published in a scientific journal, shows that over the course of four years after their first admission, the suicide rate among first-time schizophrenic patients rose to double that found when hospital stays were longer.
	The decision came a day after U.N. officials announced that Saudi Arabia had pulled out of the conference, stirring wide concern about a potential boycott by Islamic nations.
	The ambassador, Bakuramutsa Manzi, said after his first two-hour meeting with the other 14 members of the council in their chamber that he was ``very moved by everyone's overtures of friendship.'' 	When the Security Council session ended, other ambassadors from the major world powers crowded around Manzi to congratulate him on his first appearance on the international stage, as well as breathe a collective sigh of relief that the question of Rwandan representation had finally been resolved.
	The announcement comes just as Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama has returned from an eight-day trip to Southeast Asia, where he was constantly having to soothe the bitter feelings that still linger over Japan's aggression, 49 years after the war ended.
	U.N. HEAD ABANDONS EFFORT TO PERSUADE CEDRAS TO LEAVE 	UNITED NATIONS (NYT) -- U.N. Secretary-General Boutros Boutros-Ghali on Tuesday abandoned his efforts to persuade Haiti's military leadership to step down after Gen.
SOME HOMESICK CUBANS ASK TO RETURN TO HAVANA GUANTANAMO NAVAL BASE, Cuba  (BC-CUBA-GUANTANAMO-700&add-COX) Ramon Elias Rodriguez risked his life to flee Cuba aboard a teetering sea-tossed raft, but after five homesick days at this crowded, sweltering camp he's ready to return to Havana.
``Bang, bang, Daddy,'' Tyler cackled after the song.
But killings continued and the cease-fire dissolved by the middle of the year, ushering in one of the bloodiest times of what the Irish call ``the troubles.'' An earlier cease-fire was declared in June 1972, but it fell apart after 13 days.
Egypt, Pakistan and Yemen on Tuesday rebid for subsidized U.S. wheat after the Agriculture Department rejected bids from those countries.
More than seven months after the magnitude-6.8 Northridge Quake sent him and millions of others scrambling from their beds into the predawn darkness, Tate still can't shake the emotional aftershocks.
The project continues to serve up to 16,000 people per week, according to director Patricia Mendoza, who said the number rises dramatically after every aftershock.
thinking, I should've been over these troubles by now.'' Project Rebound was created after the Los Angeles riots of April 1992 and was revived for the firestorms of 1993, Hammond said.
In the spring months after the quake, the Chatsworth Emergency Service Center saw about 200 people per day, Hammond said.
Yet, the center also has seen people who experienced their first symptoms long after the quake -- a form of post-traumatic stress disorder, Hammond said.
Mental-health experts said those with PTS can experience a multitude of symptoms -- the inability to concentrate, feelings of vulnerability or hopelessness, a loss of security, recurring nightmares, sadness or irritability -- after many months or even years.
The decision came a day after U.N. officials announced that Saudi Arabia had pulled out of the conference, stirring wide concern about a potential boycott by Islamic nations.
The warning came a day after Islamic Group gunmen killed a 13-year-old boy and wounded four other people in an attack on a tourist bus in the southern town of Nag Hammadi.
It's gone right after this.
SOME HOMESICK CUBANS ASK TO RETURN TO HAVANA GUANTANAMO NAVAL BASE, Cuba  (BC-CUBA-GUANTANAMO-1ST-LEAD-WRITETHRU-700&add-COX) Ramon Elias Rodriguez risked his life to flee Cuba aboard a teetering sea-tossed raft, but after five homesick days at this crowded, sweltering camp he's ready to return to Havana.
Jim Pflaging, who oversees Sprint's sales organization in Northern California, said Sprint came up with the offering after a meeting last fall with movie industry customers put together by Silicon Graphics.
But Drums, named after the most primal mode of communications, could be the first of many Sprint attempts to package computers and communications to benefit certain industries in unique ways, Anderson said.
Mike Keeler, marketing manager for Silicon Studios, said his company agreed to team up with Sprint after the Westwood company suggested the project.
So that gave me the big insight into Bernadette, that sense of having been in the wrong body most of her life.'' Fortified by Morris' book, Stamp held sessions with transsexuals, asking them about their lives before and after the operation, their relationships with men, the practical everyday problems of dealing with a body that now was female but once had been male.
Above all, it was a bunch of ordinary folks picking up after the slobs -- not at all an unusual thing in America.
3 after 18 years of operating a correspondence school, awarding bachelor's, master's and doctorates in a variety of fields, including business and psychology.
Dr. Lawrence-Lightfoot chose her subjects, three men and three women, after scores of preliminary interviews.
With the NFC East championship and his team's Super Bowl chances hanging in the balance, Smith handled the ball 17 times for 78 yards after he was hurt.
More than a few of us fear that after it, we'll be worse off than we are now.
The total bill for health care will be more after reform than it was before, they fume, then go to the back room and produce still another coalition decopage.
His once-Falstaffian figure is now thin and stooped after a series of heart attacks.
He was expelled from the Soviet Writers' Union in 1977 and, after Sakharov was exiled in 1980, Kopelev and his wife reluctantly decided it was better to take refuge temporarily in Germany, where he had been invited to write and lecture.
The delegate, Bakuramutsa Manzi, said after his first two-hour meeting with the other 14 members that he was ``very moved by everyone's overtures of friendship.'' Manzi, 49, a graduate of the University of Paris in economics and sociology, worked on rural development in Africa for the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization and spent three years as an economist with the U.N. Development Program in New York.
``I have an enormous sense of relief that my reception has been so positive.'' The delegates who crowded around him after the meeting expressed relief that after two months of questions about who represented Rwanda, the issue had been resolved.
Manzi is a Tutsi, as are most members of the Rwandan Patriotic Front, which formed a government after it defeated an army dominated by members of the majority Hutu tribe.
U.N. LEADER ABANDONS EFFORT TO GET CEDRAS TO DEPART UNITED NATIONS  (BC-HAITI-U.N.-500&ADD-NYT) U.N. Secretary-General Boutros Boutros-Ghali said on Tuesday that he was abandoning efforts to persuade Haiti's military leaders to step down peacefully after a leader of the military-backed government refused to accept the high-level mission Boutros-Ghali considered his last effort.
``We have not been successful because the military people in Haiti refused to talk with my special representative,'' the secretary-general told reporters after briefing the Security Council on Tuesday morning.
The secretary-general is giving up on Haiti almost exactly a year after the junta agreed to step down peacefully and restore Aristide to power under the terms of the so-called Governors Island Agreement negotiated in New York.
As a reward for that agreement, the Security Council lifted its oil embargo against the island, only to reimpose it in the fall after Haiti's military leadership showed itself unwilling to stick to the terms of the Governors Island accord and refused to accept U.N. peacekeepers.
We were, after all, building a hall that would be used in the summer and open to the outdoors in a humid climate.
	The case was the first criminal prosecution under a law approved by Congress after the tanker Exxon Valdez spilled more than 10 million gallons of crude oil off Alaska in 1989.
	The proposed merger, announced just after midnight Tuesday, continues a steady drumbeat of takeovers, combinations and mergers in the nation's defense industry that has only grown louder as the Pentagon's budget has declined.
His 44-year career with the Bell Telephone System began as a salesman with the Southern Bell Telephone Co. in Chattanooga in 1926 shortly after college graduation.
21, after a much publicized shifting of the show from Tuesday night, Ms. Metcalf has spent seven years looking for love and permanent employment.
They called themselves Steppenwolf, after the Herman Hesse novel.
(The actress also has a 6-month-old son, Will, whose father is her current companion Matt Roth, an actor.) Two weeks after moving to Los Angeles, she was offered the role on ``Roseanne.'' ``At first I didn't know whether I should take it,'' she says.
As the eternally youthful Jagger pranced up and down the stage, and Keith Richards, Charlie Watts, Ron Wood and Darryl Jones (who was recruited to replace the retired Bill Wyman) blasted into the song's opening chorus, the 54,000-odd people who had turned out seemed to agree: the Stones have not only refused to grow old and fade away; after 36 albums (22 studio albums) and 12 North American tours, they have proven that they are still a vital and vigorous working band.
They are, after all, Englishmen shaped by black American music, self-conscious bohemians who have achieved superstardom, highly professional performers -- capable of delivering a tough, rousing show under the worst possible conditions, as they did at the Meadowlands the other night -- who can convey the illusion of complete abandon.
Here's young Ray Aibelli (Jeremy Davies) heading home to suburban Connecticut in the spring, after a successful year at MIT, just to say hello, so he thinks, to his depressed Mom before going on to a spiffy internship at the Surgeon General's office in Washington.
All this hairy snarling gets awfully tiresome, but I did enjoy the scene in which corporate Stewart, who has sprouted fur on his face, goes after the equally unkempt Will, with a pair of old-time hedge clippers.
It had a certain indestructible quality, like those fake plants at the Mirage, the casino in Las Vegas, where flowers can be hosed down and reshaped after the tourists sit on them.
	The service began last fall and resumed in the spring after a winter pause.
	Antarctic Encounter is linked to Kelly Tarlton's Journey Under the Sea, an aquarium named for a New Zealand diver and inventor who died seven weeks after it opened in January 1985.
The proxy reported that at some point after March 1993 until June 1994, Borland paid $28,361 each month to lease an aircraft that Kahn used for personal travel.
In 1991, a week after San Franciscans turned down a measure to allow minors on city boards, 16-year-old Paul Kim of Modesto cast the deciding vote on the state Board of Education that set in motion a successful lawsuit against then-state Superintendent Bill Honig.
But in an interview after the vote, Paul said he hadn't really known what he was voting for.
He chose to remain an amateur after the U.S. Amateur victory.
The case was the first criminal prosecution under a law approved by Congress after the tanker Exxon Valdez spilled more than 10 million gallons of crude oil off Alaska in 1989.
The bishops agreed last week, after intense debate, to issue a document that generally upholds traditional sexual morality.
But the statement was designated as a study document and not official teaching after liberals protested its conservative tone.
Conservatives reluctantly agreed to continue the sexuality debate after liberal bishops said they would openly ordain gay people and bless same-sex couples if conservatives fought for a definitive sexuality stand.
31: Less than two weeks after the Clinton administration vowed it would never let Fidel Castro dictate a change in U.S. immigration policy, Washington is ready to offer Castro the policy change he seeks.
But after the Bosnian Serbs' crushing rejection of an American-backed peace plan for Bosnia in a referendum, it has emerged as the only alternative to an increase in the fighting.
All this is quite unacceptable to the Clinton administration, which therefore faces the uncomfortable task of fulfilling its promise to press for a lifting of the arms embargo on the Bosnian Muslims after Oct.
KRAJICEK OUTLASTS SIEMERINK IN FIVE SETS NEW YORK  (BC-TEN-USOPEN-KRAJICEK-350&ADD-NYT) The match points kept passing, one after another.
``Six match points in a row, seven in the tie break, I couldn't believe what was happening,'' Krajicek said, after he somehow righted himself in the fifth set and survived a 3-hour-41-minute Dutch death struggle, 7-6 (7-2), 6-4, 6-7 (2-7), 6-7 (8-10), 6-4, in the first round Tuesday of the U.S. Open.
It was, in fact, after Krajicek reached the semifinals of the 1992 Australian Open and the pair reached the semis of the doubles draw that Goetzke made the choice to drop Siemerink and to exclusively coach Krajicek.
Krajicek even asked the chair umpire to assess a point penalty against Siemerink when the latter whacked the ball sky-high in disgust after netting a backhand volley on break point at 4-all in the fifth set.
Treasury prices were helped after the Conference Board said consumer confidence dropped in August, while investors largely ignored the Commerce Department's new homes sales report for July, which showed a surge of buying.
Economists expect the employment report to show the economy added 232,000 jobs in August, after adding 259,000 in July, with the unemployment rate remaining steady at 6.1 percent.
But after a while, I started picking up the concept of plays.
So for almost a half-hour after the others left the field, he threw passes to Orlando Parker, a rookie receiver.
Immediately after the auctions were over, Hartley complained that he had just learned that the technology to provide interactive services was not yet ready.
Historians have estimated that as many as 200,000 women and teen-age girls were forced to serve in the brothels between 1932, soon after Japan's invasion of Manchuria, and the end of the war in 1945.
Tokyo still maintains that the issue of compensation has already been settled by agreements it reached with other governments after the war.
Significantly, the announcement is coming just after Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama returned from an eight-day trip to Southeast Asia, where he was constantly confronted with lingering bitterness over Japan's aggression in the 1930s and 1940s.
For decades after the war, the women who survived, most of whom were in Korea, hid their past for fear that they would be ostracized.
But the next year, after a history professor released documents he discovered in Japan's military archives, the government admitted that the military had organized the brothels.
And even as Japan has been trying to smooth relations with its Asian neighbors, two Cabinet ministers have been forced to resign in the last few months after making comments that made light of Japan's wartime acts.
Edwin Rodriguez, 16, of Watts, waded beside Lhunpo as he poured the colorful sand into the surf after another round of chanting.
Those were fun times.'' He went on to talk about his first years in St. Louis, of the massive beer cooler that was emptied each day after practice.
13 air date for the movie in favor of waiting until after a jury had been chosen for Simpson's trial.
But it's a fairly joyless occupation for Fresh, especially since he knows firsthand the horrors of addiction: His beloved older sister, Nichole (N'bushe Wright), is a junkie who has recently left the home of the aunt (Cheryl Freeman) who looks after them to live with her current supplier.
While on a flight at an altitude of 800 feet, the $4 million, 165-foot airship, with advertising banners attached to both sides, incurred a 38-foot horizontal and vertical gash after a metal mount for a light projector used in night-time advertising tore loose, the safety board said.
In 1991, 17 people died in the New York area after they bought a synthetic drug being sold as heroin under the brand name of Tango and Cash.
``Our military-diplomatic efforts are marshalled and we are determined to return democracy to Haiti with few or no casualties,'' Deutch said at a news conference after the meeting.
In the most celebrated case, First Boston had to be bailed out by its parent, Credit Suisse, to the tune of $650 million after it got stuck holding several of its bridge loans.
Two weeks after the loan to Acme Metals was closed, Lehman had still not sold it all to investors in the secondary market, according to Hoekwater, the company treasurer.
Class A shares of Reliance surged after the announcement Tuesday, rising $5.125, to $25; Shares of General Signal fell $1.75, to $35.50.
22, when the Dow hit 3,911.66 after the Federal Reserve Board on Feb.
Shares in military contractors rose after the announcement of a merger agreement by Lockheed and Martin Marietta.
A White House official accompanying President Clinton in Martha's Vineyard said on Tuesday that the president approved Cahill's visa on Monday night so that he could ``build support in the United States for an end to violence in Northern Ireland.'' The division was similar to what occurred when Gerry Adams, the head of Sinn Fein, the IRA's political arm, was given a visa to visit the United States in February after having been denied for many years on the ground that he was a terrorist.
Gene Orza, the union's associate general counsel, said the deadline would not go beyond 48 hours after an agreement is reached.
Depending on what the two sides negotiate in a final agreement, they could decide to fix the rosters as of the end of the strike, the day or two after the end or even the start of the strike.
No player acquired in a trade after Wednesday would be eligible for the playoffs.
By contrast, Augustine, who received bachelor's and master's degrees in aeronautical engineering from Princeton University, came to Martin Marietta in 1977 after several stints at the Pentagon, including two years as under secretary of the army.
SCOTT PAPER TO PAY DIRECTORS IN STOCK  (BC-SCOTT-COMPENSATION-470&ADD-NYT) Shares of the Scott Paper Co. traded at a record $65.875 on the New York Stock Exchange Tuesday after the company announced that the nine outside members of its 11-member board of directors would be compensated solely in company stock.
They point out that 27,000 workers will remain in the state after the merger, making California the new company's largest employment base.
They point out that 27,000 workers will remain in the state after the merger, making California the new company's largest employment base.
The U.S. Coast Guard said that it had picked up more than 1,000 refugees by early Tuesday evening, a sign that the exodus was expanding after a weekend lull in which bad weather kept many from leaving.
Many here believe that a decision may be made to limit the exodus after the Cuban government opens talks with the Clinton administration.
``It was an awful lot of fun after the first two sets for me to be out there,'' said Martin.
Unlike the departed Boris Becker, who crabbed about the slowness of these hard courts after his post-midnight five-set loss to Richey Reneberg Monday night, two-time champion Stefan Edberg said he didn't mind the Open's unslick conditions because he found them less demanding on his aging body.
``I was already taking a shower in my head,'' said Krajicek after securing an official ending to a bizarre 7-6 (7-2), 6-4, 6-7 (2-7), 6-7 (8-10), 6-4 victory.
Edwin Rodriguez, 16, of Watts, waded beside Lhunpo as he poured the colorful sand into the surf after another round of chanting.
The proposed merger, announced Tuesday just after midnight, continues a steady drumbeat of takeovers, combinations and mergers in the military industry that has only grown louder as the Pentagon's budget has declined.
Only hours after it hit the streets, users started dying in New York, Hartford, Newark and Paterson, N.J. The deaths illustrated how quickly drugs move from town to town in the Northeast.
GALERIES LAFAYETTE TO CLOSE ITS DOORS NEW YORK  (BC-LAFAYETTE-ART-420&ADD-NYT) Galeries Lafayette, considered one of the world's premier purveyors of French fashion, said Tuesday that it was closing its store on 57th Street and Fifth Avenue in Manhattan, withdrawing from its initial attempt to crack the American retail market less than three years after the outlet opened.
``We had a great chnace to work for an international company.'' The New York store was once thought to be a beachhead from which the company, Europe's second-largest department store chain, after Harrods of Britain, would expand in the United States.
Administration officials said that they were confident that the announcement by Panama's new government would not turn into an embarrassing about-face like the one early last month when the departing government rejected the idea of taking in Haitian refugees only days after indicating it would do so.
Police found the bodies of Travis' parents after two younger sons, ages 12 and 14, came home from spending the night with friends and found the door locked.
The notebook also outlined plans to derail a train and go to a nearby community to rob a convenience store ``and kill victims.'' From there the duo planned to go to Houston and ``make up everything as we go after this period,'' the notebook said.
The resumption of the human rights dialogue, broken off last March after a stormy visit to Beijing by Secretary of State Warren M.
But to their credit they knew the learning curve was too long.'' Benhamou, who was born in Algeria and grew up in France after his family fled the Algerian war for independence in 1960, is known for his low-key personality and soft-spoken manner.
Augustine, chief executive of Martin Marietta, who will jointly run the new Lockheed Martin after their companies merge.
The French retailer is withdrawing from its initial attempt to crack the American retail market less than three years after the outlet opened.
In 1991, 17 people died in the New York area after they bought a synthetic drug being sold as heroin under the brand name of Tango and Cash.
Augustine, chief executive of Martin Marietta, who will jointly run the new Lockheed Martin after their companies merge.
The French retailer is withdrawing from its initial attempt to crack the American retail market less than three years after the outlet opened.
Augustine, chief executive of Martin Marietta, who will jointly run the new Lockheed Martin after their companies merge.
The French retailer is withdrawing from its initial attempt to crack the American retail market less than three years after the outlet opened.
Augustine, chief executive of Martin Marietta, who will jointly run the new Lockheed Martin after their companies merge.
The French retailer is withdrawing from its initial attempt to crack the American retail market less than three years after the outlet opened.
As for the boys, nearly a week after they were supposed to show up in the southeastern Alaskan town of Klawock for processing, their whereabouts are unknown; the prosecutor fears they have fled to Canada.
Under the agreement, after the boys complete their 18-month banishment, they are to be returned to Allendoerfer's courtroom for final disposition of their case.
The crime was particularly brutal, said Townsend, because the driver was left for dead after his head was smashed with a baseball bat.
DOLE URGES 1/3(BU)(BU)POSTPONEMENT ,(BU)FOR APPROVAL ,(BU)OF TRADE PACT WASHINGTON  (BC-DOLE-TRADE-410&ADD-NYT) Only a few days after helping turn back President Clinton's vision of universal health care coverage, Sen.
``People are concerned.'' Dole accused the Clinton administration of not doing enough to explain to the public what was in the trade pact, which was reached last December in Geneva after seven years of negotiations.
	Galeries Lafayette will close its store in Trump Tower in New York City less than three years after its opening.
	The dollar fell against the German mark after French banks raised rates, fueling talk that European rates had bottomed.
But to their credit they knew the learning curve was too long.'' Benhamou, who was born in Algeria and grew up in France after his family fled the Algerian war for independence in 1960, is known for his low-key personality and soft-spoken manner.
Even though it was a great day, a great beach day, the sunshine was not going to rescue his rental business after a chilly, waterlogged August that seemed to slam the door shut on summer a month early.
``I am absolutely horrified,'' said Alice Trimiew, 43, who was enjoying the beach in Rye, N.Y. ``I get upset on July 4 anyway because summer seems to go so fast after that holiday.
Within two days after the woman's rape was widely reported by news organizations, the Transit Authority shut the pedestrian tunnel and 15 other entrances in the system that were perpetual crime spots.
2 TEENS WON'T BE INDICTED IN DEATH OF MAN WHO ROBBED THEIR COUSIN NEW YORK  (BC-NY-MUGGER-DEATH-425&ADD-NYT) A grand jury Tuesday decided against indicting two Brooklyn teen-agers for criminal liability in the death of a man they killed after he had robbed their cousin at knifepoint.
Police said that when family members learned of the robbery a few minutes after it occurred, the victim's cousins, Julio Figueroa, 17, and Santiago Comacho, 14, who are half brothers, ran to the store.
Two hours later, police said, Berry complained of chest and stomach pains and an ambulance took him to Woodhull Hospital, where he was pronounced dead shortly after 2 a.m., about eight hours after he was attacked.
``What he doesn't feel bad about is that he believes he defended his own family, and he certainly had no intent to cause the death of this guy.'' He said that Figueroa's ambition, after finishing his senior year at Bushwick high school this coming academic year, was to join the Marines and later become a police officer.
``With no debt from this transaction to finance, we expect this merger of equals to provide the opportunity to generate between $4 billion and $5 billion in free cash flow over the next five years after taxes, interest and dividends,'' Martin Marietta Chairman Norm Augustine said in a prepared statement.
Her ranking has risen from a high of 143 late last year to No. 54 entering this tournament, and she is sure to crack the top 50 after Tuesday's victory, the second most significant of her career.
Smashnova, a high school senior at the American International School, 20 minutes from Tel Aviv, is required to serve a year in the Israeli Army after graduation, but she will still be allowed to play competitively on the tour.
Still, we do miss Phil Rizzuto, and we keep wondering whether the birth rate is going to go up next April, as it supposedly did nine months after the blackouts that darkened New York City in 1965.
``Before the strike, we would sometimes go to Yankee Stadium after our games here.
Still, we do miss Phil Rizzuto, and we keep wondering whether the birth rate is going to go up next April, as it supposedly did nine months after the blackouts that darkened New York City in 1965.
``Before the strike, we would sometimes go to Yankee Stadium after our games here.
A year earlier, all five men had been permitted to plead guilty to sexual misconduct, a misdemeanor, after admitting they had sex with a woman who had passed out after drinking too much in a lounge.
Koppell succeeded in getting the rape charges reinstated after convincing a county judge that the original court, a town court, had no jurisdiction in the case and that the pleas violated restrictions on plea agreements.
Nearly two months later, 13th seeded McNeil quickly slipped off the court with her head down after losing a first-round match that she should have won, falling to unknown Anna Smashnova 6-4, 6-2 at the U.S. Open.
McNeil, whose serve-and-volley game dominated at Wimbledon, was unproductive at the net as Smashnova hit passing shot after passing shot right down the line.
And the passing shots I knew had to go maybe more down the lines because she was expecting more cross cuts.'' Smashnova gained the edge in the sixth game of the first set, taking a 4-2 advantage after McNeil's two double-faults.
She held serve, then took a 5-2 edge after another pair of McNeil double-faults.
We'll just have to see who they put in there.'' The 49ers offered Rathman a one-year contract with an opportunity to coach after it was up, but he chose the Raiders' two-year, $1.2-million contract largely because he figured he would get more playing time.
But Rowland has most bluntly addressed the state's fragile frame of mind after years of economic trauma in its homes and gang shootings in its cities.
When he schedules an event, it carries the weight of a fact-finding mission, as when he toured the East Side of Bridgeport with a police escort this month, or of an official call for action, as when he met with the Legislature's Public Safety Committee immediately after a prison riot in July.
13, has attacked him as someone whose experience is as a legislator in Washington, not as an executive in Hartford, who after his defeat in 1990 parlayed his Capitol experience into highly paid consulting work for the state's largest military contractors as they laid off thousands of Connecticut workers.
``I don't think this will affect anyone in Palmdale this year and I don't think there will be any noticeable changes,'' company spokesman Jim Ragsdale said after the merger was announced.
	Ms. Fuchs had been senior vice president and international director at Conde Nast since March after serving three years as publisher of the company's Vogue magazine.
	Ms. Fuchs's departure from Conde Nast comes less than a month after Lawrence C.
Galotti after Galotti, a longtime Conde Nast executive, returned there and succeeded Ms. Fuchs as publisher of Vogue.
Giuliani made the allegations after questions had been raised about whether he had placed unqualified campaign workers into managerial positions in the agency at salaries that exceeded those of the officials appointed by the Dinkins administration.
About 10:45 p.m., after the man fled into the vast park, the woman began looking for help and stopped a patrol car.
But after a history of unsuccessful takeovers, including an ill-fated bid to acquire Canada's de Havilland, ``Boeing is gun-shy,'' said Paul Nisbet, an analyst with JSA Research in Newport, R.I. It can't merge with McDonnell Douglas, which would be the second-largest defense contractor after Lockheed Martin, because of antitrust implications in the company's commercial aviation business, analysts said.
But Suffia said Boeing has no plans to divest its military operations, which are finally profitable after several years of heavy losses.
Because of this country's shrinking defense business, Lockheed Martin may go after more commercial business and compete directly with some of Boeing's subcontractors, said Ethan Powell, customer advocate at Allied Signal Aerospace's Commercial Avionics System in Redmond.
Sophomore Brad Badger is the right guard after being converted from tight end.
At guard, you've got guys on both sides of you.'' Buckey, who is down to 280 pounds after being as heavy as 305, was switched from guard to tackle because, said Clark, ``we wanted to get the five best people on the field.'' Those five don't concern Walsh -- it's the guys behind them who are the source of worry.
The deal announced Tuesday is the most dramatic example yet of the consolidation sweeping the defense industry as it adjusts to life after the Cold War.
``I'd be nervous if Rob Johnson was down and out after three plays.'' ``I don't know what to do, to be honest,'' Robinson said.
``Tell us, Seve,'' Hardin asked Seve Ballesteros after one of his two Masters wins, ``How tall are you?'' However, Hardin never mentioned bikini wax.
There is no easy way out.'' Not every sport, in other words, can live happily ever after with television.
Ten years after that, a Gallup Poll showed that the pendulum had swung in football's favor (36-21 percent).
Overwrought and emotional -- not to mention overtired after a vacationless 1994 where all of his hard work had done nothing to remedy a 21-event drought without a title -- the 12th-ranked Courier vowed to walk away from his sport for as long as it took him to like it again.
``I haven't won this tournament yet,'' said Courier, who turned 24 the morning after his brief resignation from the circuit.
eliminated 1,000 jobs after losing a bid for the Advanced Tactical Fighter contract.
slashed 1,500 jobs at its B-2 division after the Pentagon cut orders for radar-evading bombers from 75 to 20 planes.
Nebraska played in the Sugar Bowl in 1987, after Smith's junior year.
``We're just now getting documents (from prosecutors) that were prepared six weeks ago,'' Shapiro said, ``and these scientific results are released to the press before we see them.'' ``That won't happen after today,'' Ito vowed.
Parks, and after she gave him an unknown amount he struck her in the face, Officer Ray said.
But all three are healthy and, in Johnson's estimation, ``have traveled a million miles from spring ball to now.'' Asked if such progress made him feel better about his rebuilt defensive line than his rebuilt offensive line, coach R.C. Slocum said, ``Not really.'' ``I've got the same kind of questions about these guys that I have about the offensive line,'' said Slocum, who lost every starting defensive linemen and four of five offensive linemen to graduation or professional football after last season.
Kicker Nick Lowery and tight end Jonathan Hayes were released after refusing pay cuts, though some backups accepted them.
``I know that after all that's happened the past few months, people think I'm nuts,'' said Casillas this week, addressing for the first time a summerlong series of events that he has largely kept shrouded in mystery.
``I know that after all that's happened the past few months, people think I'm nuts,'' said Casillas this week, addressing for the first time a summerlong series of events that he has largely kept shrouded in mystery.
In one case, four teachers and a school principal removed Madeline L'Engle's classic book ``A Wrinkle in Time'' from the fifth-grade reading list after parents in San Bernardino County complained that it was ``satanic.'' A showing of the Luis Valdez film ``Zoot Suit,'' which explores prejudice against Chicanos during World War II, was canceled in a San Diego County high school classroom after school officials said it contained ``excessive violence.'' The teacher was suspended with pay, although she had followed the district's policy for showing R-rated films and had required students to obtain written parental permission.
They are also least likely to succeed in programs to treat smoking, with only about a 6 percent success rate after one year.
``But they lose their elasticity after awhile and we've thrown some out.'' Brian Sprada, a high school quarterback, doesn't wear a jock.
``And I understand our stock went up today.'' Workers leaving the massive plant beside Dobbins Air Force base after their shift Tuesday afternoon were unsure about their future employment.
``I think that makes it very difficult to be a player in this after Saturday,'' said the Saints' Miller.
Or, to be precise, it resumes after a 70-year hiatus.
Finally, after retiring as a player in 1988, Niekro became a manager in the Braves' minor-league system.
He managed their top farm team in Richmond, Va., in 1991, but quit after the season for reasons he never fully explained.
Yates made the decision to go with Wallace, younger brother of Rusty Wallace, after Ernie Irvan, his driver, was severely injured in a crash at Michigan.
	The service began last fall and resumed in the spring after a winter pause.
	Antarctic Encounter is linked to Kelly Tarlton's Journey Under the Sea, an aquarium named for a New Zealand diver and inventor who died seven weeks after it opened in January 1985.
``These would be perfect,'' he says, holding up a shoe from his fall collection after she's drifted away.
Together, the five football coaches teach 31 classes, which means meetings and videotapes often are put off until after 10 p.m. Players also do chores around the athletic facilities, including carrying planks of plywood to the football stadium before games so that players and fans can have a walkway.
At many home games, the crowd leaves Blackshear Field after the popular Prairie View marching band performs.
Newt ``The Grinch'' Gingrich of Georgia simply never will get over the GOP's losing the White House after 12 years of selfish do-nothingness.
``Never forget,'' he says, in case of dismay at Wagner's Jewification of his villains and buffoons, ``that in 1850 anti-Semitism was perfectly normal to the politics of Christian Europe.'' Don't let ``our current ecumenism'' or ``our new-found urge after justice for all'' get in the way of having a good time, he soothes, using the hospital nurse's version of the first-person plural.
Third act: Igor returns to Putivl, where he is greeted deliriously, not only by Yaroslavna but by all the former followers of Galitzky (personified by a pair of roistering minstrels, Skula and Yeroshka, the former played at the premiere by the basso Feodor Stravinsky, who identified so strongly with the long-gestating opera that he had named his third son after it).
It is followed, after a brief scene and dialogue, by another extended aria for another bass soloist, Khan Konchak, who, like Igor, enters for no other purpose than to sing (about his princely hospitality).
 (BC-PRINCE-IGOR-OPERA-3RDTAKE-$ADV04-NYT) Under no circumstances should one be aware that Stasov's scenario ended with an epilogue Borodin did not live to compose, in which the wedding of Vladimir and Konchakovna was celebrated after a second, successful campaign.
I can be that way,'' he admits, after a discussion of materialism has suddenly switched to Spencer Tracy and ended with the sentence ``There is a difference between church and state.'' Then it's on to the meaning of life.
Prisoners often are told of their execution only on the previous night, or are shot immediately after a court's guilty verdict.
Prisoners often are told of their execution only on the previous night, or are shot immediately after a court's guilty verdict.
 (BC-LOVE-STORY-SPI) Fifty years ago, three months after D-Day, Jack Bramson stood in front of an audience in the theater of a small French town still blacked out for fear of German air raids.
Bramson was drafted into the Army in February 1941 and was part of forces sweeping through southern France after the Allied invasion in June 1944.
The night after the liberation, Bramson and another lieutenant entered Vierzon, near Tours.
In June 1945, a month after the German capitulation, he slipped into a movie theater in Marseille to ``brush up on his French.'' Bramson described himself as a loner and shy around women, but he couldn't help noticing a striking blond woman sitting next to him in the theater.
The show's owner, Dan Enright, died in 1992 after a long and successful post-``Twenty-One'' career as a producer of daytime television shows.
But if anything is remembered more vividly after four decades, it is probably Stempel and Van Doren.
Goodwin came into the quiz show picture well after most of the major disclosures about the fraud had already made headlines.
Joseph Stone, who, some years after his stint in the district attorney's office, became a judge (he is now retired), unearthed much of the information and presented it during a nine-month grand jury investigation.
It's easy to feel small in the face of such splendid power.'' This is Claytor's first face-to-face encounter with wild elephants, one of many serendipitous side trips the young aviator has taken, singly and with other bush pilots, on a daredevil journey around the world in his single-engine plane, named Timmissartok after one of aviation pioneer Charles Lindbergh's aircraft.
One of his closest calls was in Muslim Algeria, right after the Persian Gulf War.
It's easy to feel small in the face of such splendid power.'' This is Claytor's first face-to-face encounter with wild elephants, one of many serendipitous side trips the young aviator has taken, singly and with other bush pilots, on a daredevil journey around the world in his single-engine plane, named Timmissartok after one of aviation pioneer Charles Lindbergh's aircraft.
One of his closest calls was in Muslim Algeria, right after the Persian Gulf War.
He was interviewed on the radio, and after an unfortunate automobile accident, he was rushed to the hospital, where one of Lubbock's finest orthopedic surgeons placed his leg in a cast.
In 1987, about 4,500 GE workers walked off the job for about a week after GE had eliminated about 4,400 jobs in a span of three years.
Eventually the number of jobs cut was about 400, after the union agreed to more than 60 work rule changes.
After a heavy rainstorm you'll have to spray again; and after a few weeks you may have to do it again with a different repellent because animals can adjust to a scent.
``And people say, `Isn't it nice to have all these holidays and vacations and sick time.' But they don't know how we used to struggle to get all this.'' Some see life after GE.
``They see a new person in the mirror after their hair style or treatment and that makes a new person inside.
She contended that she actually had been fired after a 16-year career because she had complained about sexual misconduct and financial-reporting irregularities by brokerage President David Pottruck.
``The award is saying I was wrongfully terminated and that is what I was saying all along -- that they can't get away with this,'' Wolfe said after her attorney received the arbitration award Tuesday.
The ruling came after a hearing that took the equivalent of about 30 full days of proceedings, spread from February to July and held at the offices of Wolfe's and Schwab's attorneys.
The matter was moved out of state court to the National Association of Securities Dealers for arbitration after a motion by the defendants.
It was ultimately transferred to the NYSE after San Francisco Superior Court Judge Lucy McCabe disqualified the NASD from arbitrating the matter in an order filed May 27, 1993.
With the NFC East championship and his team's Super Bowl chances hanging in the balance, Smith handled the ball 17 times for 78 yards after he was hurt.
``He was getting one fitted while I chased after the other.'' ``I was very systematic,'' Gibson said, his pride showing.
He gets out of bed and, like an old fire-engine horse, is prepared to go to the ball park to put out a possible blaze; after all, he is a Yankee fireman, which in baseball means relief pitcher.
``Some of us are finally earning good money after a lot of years in the minor leagues when we had very little.
 (BC-YANKEES-GIBSON-PROFILE-2NDTAKE-NYT) He was in the minor leagues for 10 years, after graduating from Center Moriches High School in 1978.
Paul and Carla began dating after he graduated, and were married on Nov.
	GERMANY-RUSSIA (Berlin) -- Forty-nine years after Soviet troops fought their way into Berlin to deal the death blow to the Nazi dictatorship, Russia officially ended its military presence in Germany on Wednesday.
``He was getting one fitted while I chased after the other.'' ``I was very systematic,'' Gibson said, his pride showing.
He gets out of bed and, like an old fire-engine horse, is prepared to go to the ball park to put out a possible blaze; after all, he is a Yankee fireman, which in baseball means relief pitcher.
``Some of us are finally earning good money after a lot of years in the minor leagues when we had very little.
 (BC-YANKEES-GIBSON-PROFILE-2NDTAKE-NYT) He was in the minor leagues for 10 years, after graduating from Center Moriches High School in 1978.
Paul and Carla began dating after he graduated, and were married on Nov.
It is a garden with an Eastern soul: it was started in the 1930s by Mr. Beck, whose paintings reflect Asian design principles, and was developed much further after his death, in 1954, by the landscape architect Lester Collins, who was steeped in the gardens of China and Japan.
Both works are as vivid as any Renoir film, and they created an image that has since been frozen: Renoir, taking after his father, was a great humanist and a simple man.
Marguerite, after all, edited ``Grand Illusion'' and ``The Rules of the Game,'' and took the name Renoir.
Life is better after 40, she says.
``But you have to understand you can be angry and still love someone.'' Eight months after she was deprogrammed, Slaughter tried to kill herself by taking pills.
He carried a gun out of fear that cult members would come after her.
She returned to the Unification Church three years after the deprogramming.
Sometime after I had placed the napkins in the rag spot, my wife Tracy came along and formed a new gestalt.
	Wichita State University audiologist 	Hull said that many people notice when they walk into a class that the music is loud, ``but after 15 minutes, it doesn't seem so loud.
Ultimately, Byrne enters the picture as a challenge to Martin's parentage, but only after Martin has raised the child to an age where she can think for herself.
Ultimately, Byrne enters the picture as a challenge to Martin's parentage, but only after Martin has raised the child to an age where she can think for herself.
Ultimately, Byrne enters the picture as a challenge to Martin's parentage, but only after Martin has raised the child to an age where she can think for herself.
	This Wednesday, some of these women staged a noisy demonstration after , Japanese Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama announced the plan in Tokyo.
	HALF-CENTURY RUSSIAN MILITARY PRESENCE IN GERMANY ENDS 	BERLIN -- Forty-nine years after Soviet troops fought their way into Berlin to deal the death blow to the Nazi dictatorship, Russia officially ended its military presence in Germany on Wednesday.
Kray when she returned home that her children, after an initial honeymoon, would be angry with her for getting sick and being away so long.
RWANDA'S NEW U.N. DELEGATE HAS FINALLY TAKEN HIS SEAT UNITED NATIONS  (BC-RWANDA-U.N.NYT) With considerable relief, Rwanda's new delegate to the United Nations has taken his seat on the Security Council after two months of questions over who should represent Rwanda.
The delegate, Bakuramutsa Manzi, said after his first two-hour meeting with the other 14 members Tuesday that he was ``very moved by everyone's overtures of friendship.'' Manzi, 49, a graduate of the University of Paris who studied economics and sociology, has played a low-key role in the U.N. bureaucracy for 13 years.
Manzi is a Tutsi, as are most members of the Rwandan Patriotic Front, the rebel group that formed a government after defeating an army dominated by members of the majority Hutu.
According to that declaration, Sinn Fein could not enter talks until three months after it took that step, and Major said the three-month clock won't start ticking until the IRA clarifies its announcement.
``That's not Grange Fair.'' In the closing days of August, after the hay has been baled and before the corn is harvested, tents and trailers alike are home to a community of farmers and others who once farmed or who have farming roots.
But the Washington state native, who actually racked up a diversified big-screen career before and after the television ``Batman'' of the 1960s, also is frank in his acknowledgment that ``for better or worse, richer or poorer, I'm married to the cape.'' As a featured guest last summer at the Dallas Fantasy Fair, West practiced the stance as ably as he preaches it.
Some specialists in Cuban affairs believe Castro won't accept a reversion to the old status quo unless he also gets a signal that the American side is willing to consider other U.S.-Cuba issues, perhaps in another place after the U.S. elections in November.
But now, he knows he can be more aggressive and go after a big play with out giving up his assignment.
Ms. Finerman and Canton jointly bought the film rights, and Groom set to work turning out the first of three screenplays for Warner Brothers, which gradually lost interest in the project, particularly after ``Rain Man'' appeared, with Dustin Hoffman playing an idiot savant.
RUSSIA OFFICIALLY ENDS MILITARY PRESSENCE IN GERMANY BERLIN  (BC-GERMANY-RUSSIA-550(2TAKES)-NYT) Forty-nine years after Soviet troops fought their way into Berlin to deal the death blow to the Nazi dictatorship, Russia officially ended its military presence in Germany on Wednesday.
``I am certain that today, following our final reconciliation, our relations will take on a new quality,'' he said at the Schauspielhaus after hearing the Berlin Symphony Orchestra perform Beethoven's ``Egmont Overture.'' ``Our countries are the largest on the continent, and they have great influence over the transitions which are now under way.'' Yeltsin praised the work of the Conference for Security and Cooperation in Europe, seeming to suggest that the organization should play a crucial role in guaranteeing European security rather than leaving the task exclusively to NATO.
He argued that Japan would not have been able to rise from its impoverished condition after World War II had it relied solely on free-market forces.
But that will wash fast after the first couple of plays.
He left to join the Jacksonville Jaguars, the National Football League expansion team, after lofting the Eagles to the major bowl game level.
He has described the campus atmosphere here as ``a breath of fresh air.'' It comes after 17 seasons in the NFL, with the Jets, the Dolphins, the Redskins twice, the Lions, the Falcons and the Chargers, the last two as a head coach.
Shalala, the secretary of health and human services, said she was reasonably optimistic after hearing extensive discussion of the proposal at a conference of health policy experts in Jackson Hole, Wyo., over the weekend.
-- Canned Heat: Though both the band's leaders died after Woodstock, four original members play on Canned Heat's new album, ``Internal Combustion,'' released Aug.
In January 1994, just after special counsel began to investigate, Rose partners admitted they then shredded more ``VWF'' files that they claimed were unrelated to Whitewater.
Clinton did not add that Ms. Williams played a minor role in this subsequent transmission (arranging for the documents' storage until they could be picked up by the Clintons' lawyer after Foster's funeral), but she accurately set forth the process and result.'' No wonder this guy is reputed to get $400 an hour; he makes bad look good.
That's why a sequence like this raises suspicion: (1) Whitewater honcho Bruce Lindsey learns that the Feds are after Gov.
(3) Not until after that meeting does Lindsey tell Clinton of Tucker's vulnerability.
Speaking to reporters for the first time this week, after his team's practice at Nova Southeastern University, the Miami Dolphins' quarterback maintained that he's ``very, very close'' to getting back to where he was before a torn Achilles' tendon in his right leg last Oct.
10 ended his season after only five games.
He estimated that after capital expenses and dividend payouts the company had over $2 billion in excess cash flow.
Shenk tried to start a cable television home-shopping network in the Columbus area in 1988, but lack of response caused it to fold after a few months.
Shortly after that, the teen-ager woke his mother, and asked to borrow the car to run up to a nearby supermarket.
And it's a good bet the covered structures in and around Winterset, Iowa, will stand long after ``Bridges'' drops off the best-seller list.
Kerr Memorial Arboretum and Nature Center sits midway along the route; three interpretive trails lead into the 8,000-acre preserve named after the Oklahoma senator.
That's speaking for myself and I felt like I was just losing interest because I got tired of playing the type of defense that was being played and I wasn't used the way I felt I should have been used.'' 	Jackson said that when the former defensive coordinator Bill Belichick was with the Giants, ``I was used every which way, but after he left I sort of became a deep safety guy, the type of safety that doesn't do anything but play two-deep all the time.
	SHERRARD TAKES A TUMBLE 	The team got a scare when receiver Mike Sherrard, who missed most of last season with a broken hip, hurt a foot after a collision with the rookie safety Jason Sehorn.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) The department's forecasting index, which was unchanged in July after negligible gains in May and June, showed six of 11 components pressing downward while only two components besides sensitive materials prices made positive contributions.
These are the Days of Awe after all, and the closer they get the more they get into you, or should be.
Whatever his topic, though, he will remain mindful of Mark Twain's injunction that ``very few sinners have been saved after the first 15 minutes of a sermon.'' He will also pointedly not use his time, as some rabbis do, to harangue congregants for not coming to shul, or synagogue, the rest of the year.
Bennett, who was active in several veterans' organizations, served with an artillery battalion of the 12th Infantry Regiment of New York, which landed on Omaha Beach in Normandy shortly after D-Day.
While in school, he went to work for the Merchandiser Publishing Co., and returned there after the war.
EXTRA POINTS Two weeks after a surgical pin was put into his broken left wrist to speed healing, ROB MOORE, was practicing with the first team.
Carroll after Wednesday's workout he would not make a decision until game time on how to use more.
``I get these calls,'' he said, telling what happened after his company, the SFM Corp., reported surprisingly strong earnings and saw its stock soar.
Three separate shareholder groups filed lawsuits against ElectroCom in Delaware after the company's Aug.
The official, Health and Human Services Secretary Donna Shalala, said she was reasonably pleased with the plan after hearing extensive discussion of it at a conference of health policy experts in Jackson Hole, Wyo., over the weekend.
But after opening restaurants in 88 countries, Pizza Hut was certainly as well known.
``I felt I could be safe there, so I went after it,'' she said.
 (BC-CLINTON-VACATION-710&ADD-NYT) ``Oh, no!'' the president exclaimed, after hooking another drive and sending his golf ball bouncing toward a footpath at the edge of the fairway.
``This isn't what I had in mind,'' he said after he caught up to the ball, which lay in scrubby grass surrounded by a cluster of small trees.
Clinton said nothing to reporters, but even after the 12-car motorcade had moved on to the bicycle path and his wife and the two girls piled out, he stayed inside on his cellular phone.
Clinton finally emerged to join the others for a 4.7-mile ride, but after they stopped at a wharf in Oak Bluffs, military aides manning a mobile communications van signaled that it was time to get back to work.
Wednesday, some of these women staged a noisy demonstration after Tomiichi Murayama, the Japanese prime minister, announced the plan in Tokyo.
South Korea did not comment directly on the plan, but a Foreign Ministry official said the Seoul government had been hoping Japan would focus on longstanding demands that it do more to repatriate Koreans who had been stranded in Russia after the war.
KZLA, which earned its best numbers in years -- 12th place with 2.9 percent of the market share -- in the most recent Arbitron ratings report, was revamped from top to bottom last year after its purchase by Burbank-based Shamrock Broadcasting Inc.
The bulk of KZLA's audience is in the 25-to-54 age group, a demographic much sought after by advertisers.
He came to New York only once during the 1992 campaign after leaving the Democratic National Convention at Madison Square Garden in Manhattan, said John A.
And a number of other potential Republican candidates said through their spokesmen that they are anxious to raise money and campaign for them in New York after the party's Sept.
``The other sports -- baseball, soccer, sumo wrestling -- are much more popular,'' Date said Wednesday after beating, by sheer coincidence, her second straight Japanese opponent, Yone Kamio, 6-0, 6-2.
Date did have to rebel after convincing herself that she was good enough to play the pro circuit.
``We believe we are entering a new situation, a new opportunity,'' read the statement, which was released Wednesday morning after several days of eager speculation over its contents.
LEGISLATORS IN U.S. DIFFER ON HAITI WASHINGTON  (BC-HAITI-U.S.-380&ADD-NYT) A day after the Clinton administration issued its strongest threat to date of a military invasion of Haiti, two leading members of Congress expressed sharply divided views Wednesday on using force to restore democracy there.
The Caribbean troops would perform police work in the days after an invasion, military officials say.
McCain, R-Ariz., of the Armed Services Committee, said he worries about what would happen after an invasion.
In one instance after another, we see how the endless progression of pain and injury inevitably evolves into a dangerous spiral when the earnestness of motivated adolescents overwhelms their survival instincts.
Adam Shinnick, the son of a respected National Football League player and coach, crystallized the issue after he chose to end a brief, painful and uneventful Penn State career.
``People don't understand that football-tough isn't a question of courage,'' Paterno told Denlinger after yet another player had decided to leave.
If JoePa himself, the celebrated architect of Penn State's Grand Experiment, can have serious doubts after decades of competitive and academic success, if carefully-chosen bodies and spirits can be broken this easily even at a stable program with committed administrators, the voters at the NCAA convention have reason to become more aggressive with their decision-making.
``Heroin has re-emerged on the drug scene after nine years of cocaine prominence,'' said Dr. Mitchell S.
News of the agreement comes four months after Tandy Brands acquired the key assets of Prince Gardner Inc., a longtime leather goods manufacturer based in St. Louis.
The new company was named after Aldus Manutius, a 15th-century Venetian scholar who is considered the inventor of modern publishing.
Adobe plans to eliminate roughly 400 people after the merger, or 20 percent of the combined total staff.
17, a day after the Fed raised short-term rates for the fifth time this year.
I didn't think they were going to put me back on the bench and forget about me.'' Which is what happened last year after Coleman had a good preseason.
Parks moved to Detroit in 1957, after her role in the Montgomery bus boycott made it impossible for her to find work there, Reed said.
Parks has a security system, but it was disconnected after malfunctioning last year, Ms. Steele said.
``There's no reason to think there will be anything anytime soon.'' Fehr, who is in his fifth baseball work-stoppage, said he always harbors hope that an agreement can be reached, but he added, ``What I don't see are signs indicating that hope is about to come to fruition.'' Led by John Calhoun Wells, the director of the Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service, the mediators met with union officials after their session with Richard Ravitch and the owners' negotiating team.
``They indicated after speaking with the clubs, there was no movement,'' Fehr related.
Cheit, now 39, says he had no memories of being molested until the summer of 1992, a few months after he entered therapy.
During that summer day, he remembered Farmer coming to his bed night after night throughout August 1968, stroking his chest, whispering ``relax'' and slipping his hand into his pants.
``I kind of had my back against the wall all of the time,'' said the 206th-ranked Ullyet after absorbing the execution-style sting of a straight-set loss to the 23-year-old man he rightly labeled ``basically a legend already at such a young age.'' Besides the top-seeded Sampras, who insisted that his breezy 85-minute performance had in no way left him too tired to tackle the second round Thursday, eighth-seeded Andrei Medvedev, 14th-seeded Yevgeny Kafelnikov, second-seeded Arantxa Sanchez Vicario, eighth-seeded Gabriela Sabatini and ninth-seeded Mary Joe Fernandez also earned return visits to the National Tennis Center.
The 20-year-old Kafelnikov, on the cusp of the Top 10 after starting this year ranked 104th, tamed Jacco Eltingh, 7-6 (7-4), 7-5, 6-3, but later likened the experience of playing here to ``a nightmare.'' Kafelnikov said he wasn't comfortable with the in-your-face human traffic jam that confronted him every place but the actual workplace.
The other two of the three seeded players to disappear Wednesday both came from the lower echelon of the seeded women: 14th-seeded Anke Huber of Germany, who is turning out not to be the second coming of Steffi Graf after all, was ousted, 6-2, 6-2 by Leila Meskhi, and 16th-seeded Amy Frazier failed to survive a three-set encounter with Natalya Medvedeva, who defeated Frazier 6-2, 6-7 (3-7), 6-4.
When merger mania cooled, Kroll kept its grip on the top rung by snaring such high-profile assignments as a request by the Kuwaiti government to search for Saddam Hussein's hidden riches and revamping security at the World Trade Center after the 1993 terrorist bombing.
The Actava Group, for example, has approximately $215 million in cash after recently selling off its 50 percent interest in Qualex Inc., a photofinishing business, to Eastman Kodak Co. Actava, under the leadership of John Phillips, has signaled its intention of getting into the communications and media industries, and Phillips, who has done deals in the past with Kluge, will be president of the newly merged company.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) (MORE) Orion has struggled financially despite its success with such movies as ``Silence of the Lambs'' and ``Dances With Wolves.'' It entered bankruptcy in December 1991 and emerged in November 1992 after Kluge invested $200 million in the company.
He also wept while testifying that he began stabbing his mother when she came out of a bathroom and started screaming after she saw the bloody body of his father, who was stabbed 11 times.
The attack occurred the night of March 12 after the elder Travis yelled at his son about having Thompson over to spend the night, Travis testified.
``I don't want to throw myself into the sea, but what else can you do?'' said Jose Miguel Gomez, a young man in the park who said he had been left behind as one of his siblings after another had left the country in rafts.
``You can sit here a long time and nothing happens.'' If successful, the negotiations that Cuban and U.S. officials plan to begin Thursday in New York may not help the raft refugees but could deliver some of ``the Lamenting Ones.'' U.S. officials say they will offer to quicken the flow of legal immigrants in return for renewed efforts by the Cuban government to stop those who, as it is said here, ``throw themselves into the sea.'' Yet after days in which thousands of Cubans have braved sharks and storms in the hope of a better future -- many of them knowing that their best fate might be rescue by the U.S. Coast Guard and internment at the U.S. naval base at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba -- many diplomats and other analysts have grown skeptical that such a deal would relieve the growing pressure for emigration.
Bob Graham said Wednesday after a tour there.
Most Cubans at Guantanamo were intercepted by the Coast Guard after they set out for Florida in boats and rafts from the north side of the island.
It has long been used by the government to go after town zoning boards for trying to keep out group homes.
 (BC-NY-NIMBY-SPEECH-2NDTAKE-NYT) The Irving Place Community Coalition said it did send a petition with 2,000 signatures to the bank but it was not mailed until June 10, three days after the bank rejected the sale to Community Access.
This week, Coe said, the bank tentatively agreed to sell the property for $650,000, after discussions that reopened about two weeks ago.
The so-called Kilby patent, named after TI engineer Jack Kilby (who shares credit for designing the first semiconductor in 1958), does not apply to the advanced techniques used to make today's memory chips and programmable semiconductors called EPROMS, the Tokyo court ruled.
Special teams captain Ken Rose had his paycheck cut in half after agreeing to take a cut of approximately $200,000.
He's in his 10th season and returning from his second major injury in three seasons after breaking his left ankle at Giants Stadium 11 months ago.
Fred Barnett, an All-Pro wide receiver, is also returning from surgery after suffering a torn ligament in his right knee in the same game.
Lurie was given a standing ovation between games of a Philadelphia Phillies doubleheader in July after he won a celebrity softball hitting contest against three of the town's professional athletes, genuinely milking the city for its affection.
The new policy, a compromise that evolved after Clinton vowed to lift unconditionally the military ban on homosexuals but met stiff resistance from the Pentagon and Congress, allows homosexuals to serve and ends a longstanding practice of asking new recruits their sexual orientation and aggressively pursuing investigations of those suspected of being gay.
The boys, the police say, shot the man 18 times with two stolen pistols after he told them to stop making noise and, the boys said, had thrown a rock at them.
But after Felicia counted heads, she realized that ``somebody was missing, Shavon.'' ``I looked out and saw Shavon lying curled up on the sidewalk,'' Felicia said.
Police said Kaddah was caught after an earlier attempt to kill a prostitute.
When he returned, Kaddah was subdued after he put up an intense struggle, the police said.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Witnesses said Tager had parked his car, which had North Carolina license plates, behind a mail truck on West 49th Street shortly after 5 p.m. The police said Tager banged on the studio door.
The workman found the body parts shortly after 9:30 a.m. on both sides of the dirt road, which leads from a parking lot at the end of 14th Street in a commercial area, several blocks west of Nassau County Police headquarters.
	Kroll Associates is trying to reinvent itself after years as being known as Wall Street's private eye.
	Shares of the Big Three automakers tumbled after reports of insider selling by Chrysler executives indicated that the rebound in the auto industry might have peaked.
	Texas Instruments' stock fell sharply after a ruling by a Japanese court cast doubt on the company's ability to collect royalties from a basic patent for computer chips.
	Treasury prices were little changed after economic reports added fresh evidence of a slowing economy.
But the full court agreed to rehear the case after the Clinton administration appealed.
``I could stay with those guys all day,'' he remarked later, after reminiscing about high school sports with several men.
The lawsuit is expected to be filed after a Staten Island grand jury completes its investigation of Sayon's death.
Morris was referring to Woodland Hills, Calif.-based 20th Century Industries Inc., which was forced to leave the home insurance market after suffering heavy losses in the Jan.
The Fort Worth anchorman showed up at the picnic about 5 p.m. wearing a coat and tie after having just come from his 11th speaking engagement of the week and his fourth of the weekend.
	The U.S. Postal Service said Wednesday that Young & Rubicam New York would continue as the agency on its account, after an eight-month review.
Srere, the chairwoman at the New York office of Earle Palmer Brown, is leaving as expected after almost two years to join Young & Rubicam Advertising in New York.
Her departure from Earle Palmer Brown, New York comes after the recent departures of the three other top executives there as well as of several executives from other offices of the agency.
Classic old teams like the Packers, Raiders or Chiefs showed the beauty of familiarity; they came back with the same basic nucleus, year after year, and they knew each other like brothers.
LOCKHEED TO REMAIN A MAJOR FORCE IN CALIFORNIA, DESPITE MOVE LOS ANGELES  (BC-LOCKHEED-SOCAL-LADN) Even after Lockheed Corp.
At least I got a chance to give them something back, a reward.'' Eckersley, whose career was reborn after he came to the A's, feels a connection to the local fans that runs deeper even than his boyhood as a fan of Mays and Juan Marichal.
``My goal is to be in the best shape of my life,'' said the former Mr. Olympia Wednesday after a workout at the Venice gym.
It was a team that disintegrated soon after it was assembled.
Court orders and state rules require the city to place homeless families in shelters immediately after they apply for help, but the city often fails to do so.
The revisions, approved after emotional debate, would eliminate the five-year statute of limitations involving allegations of clergy sexual misconduct with people younger than 21.
Most of them have returned on their own for further instruction after getting hooked on the exacting sport.
Most of them have returned on their own for further instruction after getting hooked on the exacting sport.
Most of them have returned on their own for further instruction after getting hooked on the exacting sport.
Even though chances are slim he will pass Brown against the Raiders when they open the season Monday night in Candlestick Park, the possibility of being shown on highlight reel after highlight reel getting burned on Rice's record-setting score is unappealing to the Raiders' defensive backs.
Ralph Kiner saw his pay slashed by 25 percent after he had just led the National League in home runs for the seventh consecutive season.
``My injury, I have to deal with it after football, so I'm going to always make that decision (to have surgery), and I don't regret it one bit,'' Foster said.
