Making the starting lineup at any race has become so tough that the King himself, Richard Petty, has had to beat a not-so-regal retreat before 6 of the 18 races so far this year because his driver, Wally Dallenbach, was too slow to qualify.
``Nice to know the Cowboys use the same terminology we used back in college.'' As new coach Switzer and the Cowboys proved in last night's 17-9 preseason-opening victory against Minnesota before 59,062 at Texas Stadium, football is football.
Lassic totaled 18 yards on three carries before leaving with a knee problem.
The A's lost the past two games, and Rangers victories would have meant a four-game lead in the American League West with nine games to play before the Aug.12 strike date.
The defeat yesterday, before 34,910 at The Ballpark in Arlington, dropped the Rangers to 50-55.
Despite the set-to with Gonzalez and despite the distraction of the union meeting that was going on less than three hours before the game, Brown pitched a solid game.
He had good stuff.'' Better, perhaps, than Angels starter Chuck Finley (8-10), who gave up the three runs on nine hits in 71/3 innings before Mark Leiter closed it out for his second save.
He never visited the Cowboys before the National Football League draft and was surprised they drafted him.
I'm very enthusiastic, my health has been good, and I enjoy coaching.'' Former Houston quarterback Warren Moon, now the Minnesota starter, was 4 of 7 for 45 yards before leaving.
Even before filming began, the roof on the projection wing collapsed, nearly destroying the equipment inside.
They might just as well have bailed out before sundown.
``If you were a betting man,'' Harper said of returning to the Clippers, ``I'd say don't take that bet.'' Harper made his comments before the start of the ninth Magic Johnson Midsummer Night's Classic.
Billy Crystal coached the winners, Arsenio Hall the losers before a crowd of 16,903.
In a celebrity game held before the pros played, the blue team beat the white team 80-65.
Dream Team II fell short of that again in its final exhibition before Thursday's opener in the World Championships, edging the U.S. Goodwill Games team 113-75 before an Oakland Coliseum Arena sellout of 15,025.
``(Coach) Don Nelson has really ingrained in us, `Don't be complacent.' If you beat a team by 40, so be it, but if you can beat them by 60, try to do that, too.'' Said O'Neal, the 7-foot-1, 301-pound behemoth who led all scorers with five dunks and 18 points against the overmatched Parks (6-11, 240) and Tim Duncan (6-9, 230): ``It's all fun, but obviously we're trying to do a job.'' The building's scoreboard system failed before Dream Team II had a chance to assault it.
``At the All-Star Game I was telling him, `Danny, we need you.''' The Clippers had Manning for 5{ years before trading him to Atlanta in February for another unrestricted free agent, Dominique Wilkins.
I want her to be able to turn on the radio and hear Americans phone in from all over the country to ask if she can't be destroyed before she destroys America.
	Ms. Hiatt, 57, a professor of homiletics and pastoral theology, said that she did her parish work before she was ordained, working as an assistant in a Presbyterian parish in Minnesota.
Look at it another and you see a Potemkin Village South, more impressive than ever before, but a place where old inequities are now cloaked in new forms.
Long before anyone came up with the term Sun Belt, the South's low wages and non-union environment lured businesses and its warm weather, low living costs and relaxed pace attracted migrants.
It is Ralph Ellison, grandson of slaves and the author of ``Invisible Man,'' saying shortly before his death this year, ``You can't be Southern without being black, and you can't be a black Southerner without being white.'' It is Alex Haley, the author of ``Roots,'' saying a few years back, ``I don't know anything I treasure more as a writer than being a Southerner.'' It's John Hope Franklin, the great black historian, now at Duke University, talking at a conference this year about ``our beloved South'' as the nation's best hope for racial progress.
Pick beans before they get too tough, and don't let the zucchini and eggplants get too big.
``They say it's bad for your health.'' Saturday morning, having made their ritual 180-mile drive from St. Louis the night before, the Treppler's -- John, his wife, Jane, Christopher, 12, and Stephie, 9 -- were on the water.
Wilson said negative feelings against blacks were so strong it would take a ``complete breakdown'' of public transportation in Cobb before the county's whites would increase ties to Atlanta.
Perhaps Steiner went before a grand jury to disavow what he wrote.
George, accessible and forthright as always, tells me ``I do not remember saying that'' and will take that position before the Senate.
	Just before he kills himself, a lawyer reveals a 	deadly secret to an 11-year-old boy.
They must turn around and get out before the door slams shut.
Amazingly, it wasn't long before I had passed Dale.
Amazingly, it wasn't long before I had passed Dale.
That has often been the case before.
They exercised their Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination and demanded immunity before they would testify in the Iran-contra hearings.
But before this can be done, a deal must be worked out under which Ms. Nasrin answers the government's criminal charge that she defamed the Muslim faith.
Impose a 30-day waiting period before buying some gadget that melts your heart today.
The pup hears his name again, just before his owner grabs him from the dog house and shakes him by the scruff of the neck.
My father-in-law-to-be announced that the residents of Paul's Valley, Okla., where she had grown up and where the wedding was to take place, should prepare themselves for a ``blow-out'' like the town had never seen before.
These things should be discussed and compromises and agreements reached before the children are born.
In a more perfect world, one might expect special care would be given the very young, who potentially have the fullest lives before them.
Last week, before his first rehabilitation appearance at Indianapolis (AAA), the Cincinnati reliever announced he was ready to return to the majors.
Let it be noted that the Braves beat Philadelphia 9-5 Sunday before packing for a road trip that may last into 1995.
But even those fortunate enough to snag the highfliers often find themselves in something of a quandary: Should they sell the shares before the deal is completed and, if so, when?
The offer price on average has been 53 percent higher than the stock's trading price the day before the announcement, up from 36 percent last year, according to the Securities Data Co. So the stock price of the target company tends to run up immediately after the announcement, though not always to the amount of the bid, reflecting the possibility that the deal might not be completed.
The danger, of course, is that the merger will collapse for any of a host of reasons, perhaps sending the stock below its price before the offer.
It will be many years before patients lie alone in the operating room, if they ever do.
Rwanda, of course, is small (population maybe 8 million before the killings began).
Thus, in examples given by Paul Krugman, an American economist, all but one of the top 20 American carpet-makers are located in or near the town of Dalton, Ga.; and, before 1930, the American tire industry consisted almost entirely of the 100 or so firms carrying on that business in Akron, Ohio.
Why then do so many bulls cower, or even fall down, before the fight begins in earnest?
After a trip in late July, he is due back in the region in the first half of August and has made it clear that he has a personal stake in seeing a Syrian-Israeli pact before the end of the year.
Rabin, looking for something he can sell to his public before starting his campaign for Israel's 1996 election, has pressed through his American interlocutors for some public confirmation from Assad that he is offering a full peace at the end of the day.
The president has decreed that nobody can discuss the ``fruits of peace'' before there is peace, and Syrians, in their wisdom, do not disobey.
But by that time 500,000 people had already been slaughtered in Rwanda's massacres -- and Clinton's administration had taken months before it would even admit that genocide had occurred.
Leaders in the House and Senate are working day and night to meld the various versions of reform legislation passed by four different committees (two in each house) so that both sides can vote before the looming August recess.
After a trip in late July, he is due back in the region in the first half of August and has made it clear that he has a personal stake in seeing a Syrian-Israeli pact before the end of the year.
Rabin, looking for something he can sell to his public before starting his campaign for Israel's 1996 election, has pressed through his American interlocutors for some public confirmation from Assad that he is offering a full peace at the end of the day.
The president has decreed that nobody can discuss the ``fruits of peace'' before there is peace, and Syrians, in their wisdom, do not disobey.
But by that time 500,000 people had already been slaughtered in Rwanda's massacres -- and Clinton's administration had taken months before it would even admit that genocide had occurred.
Rwanda, of course, is small (population maybe 8 million before the killings began).
Thus, in examples given by Paul Krugman, an American economist, all but one of the top 20 American carpet-makers are located in or near the town of Dalton, Ga.; and, before 1930, the American tire industry consisted almost entirely of the 100 or so firms carrying on that business in Akron, Ohio.
It will be many years before patients lie alone in the operating room, if they ever do.
Each jump is communicated between sender and receiver just before it happens.
The computer then calculated the volume in each virtual body occupied by its various components -- mainly fat, muscle and bone -- before reaching its egalitarian conclusion.
Katz plans to do just this, to check on his method's accuracy before he embarks upon a larger study.
Leaders in the House and Senate are working day and night to meld the various versions of reform legislation passed by four different committees (two in each house) so that both sides can vote before the looming August recess.
But that was before the sport went from a two-hour thriller to a three-hour-plus endurance match -- and before it diluted itself by adding so many franchises that guys who couldn't make it in Class AA ball two decades ago can be stars in the major leagues today.
When I watch a baseball game in person, I can go back to the concession stand between innings, buy a drink and some popcorn, go to the men's room and get back to my seat before the next batter steps in.
Told that his brother Bobby was too young and inexperienced to be attorney general, Kennedy quipped that he saw no harm in giving the lad some ``legal experience before he goes out to practice law.'' Once he was asked, considering the difficulties of the president's office, if he would even recommend it to anyone.
Whenever Reagan addressed Congress, copies of the president's speech would be embargoed until shortly before air time.
``Many news reporters and news executives already are uncomfortable with news standards that permit the dissemination of allegations before they have been subjected to the sort of evaluation they had to pass through even a decade ago,'' Boston Globe writer David Shribman said in an article several months ago.
``For generations, reporters have treated allegations against individuals, including political officials, in much the same way: They sought to verify the allegations themselves, before putting them into print.
Conchs were a food staple in the Caribbean long before tourists began flocking here.
Conchs were a food staple in the Caribbean long before tourists began flocking here.
The mass evacuation plan was put to the test for the first time in August 1992, when Hurricane Andrew made a feint at the Keys before it slammed into the Florida peninsula around Homestead.
Billy Wagner Jr. of Marathon, Fla., Monroe County's director of emergency management, got a jump on the storm by starting emergency procedures 40 hours before its tropical winds buffeted the islands.
The mass evacuation plan was put to the test for the first time in August 1992, when Hurricane Andrew made a feint at the Keys before it slammed into the Florida peninsula around Homestead.
Billy Wagner Jr. of Marathon, Fla., Monroe County's director of emergency management, got a jump on the storm by starting emergency procedures 40 hours before its tropical winds buffeted the islands.
She'd been through this tortuous ritual before with my brother.
And it was he who teased me when he caught me preening before a mirror, trying to force a stubborn crew cut into a ducktail like his.
And I felt closer to him at what was supposed to be a parting than I ever had before.
Leaders in the House and Senate are working day and night to meld the various versions of reform legislation passed by four different committees (two in each house) so that both sides can vote before the looming August recess.
Leaders in the House and Senate are working day and night to meld the various versions of reform legislation passed by four different committees (two in each house) so that both sides can vote before the looming August recess.
After a trip in late July, he is due back in the region in the first half of August and has made it clear that he has a personal stake in seeing a Syrian-Israeli pact before the end of the year.
Rabin, looking for something he can sell to his public before starting his campaign for Israel's 1996 election, has pressed through his American interlocutors for some public confirmation from Assad that he is offering a full peace at the end of the day.
The president has decreed that nobody can discuss the ``fruits of peace'' before there is peace, and Syrians, in their wisdom, do not disobey.
Cisneros on Saturday to made a previously scheduled appearance before Hispanic elected officials.
Medlar, who has spoken before to Express-News reporters, now declines to be interviewed.
Respected journals are peer-reviewed -- that means every paper is submitted to outside experts for criticism before it is accepted.
We set up our two-person dome tent (twice, actually, the first time in the parking area, before discovering the camping site a few yards away), unfolded the camp chairs and fired up the propane stove for a dinner of red beans and rice, a couple of raw carrots and rejuvenating coffee.
And these children's hearing is acute; they can detect faint sounds in the distance, long before others notice them.
Who proceed to flee together to the United States, with her two young princes in tow, and then go underground by submerging themselves in middle Americana (Disney World, Dodge minivan, Kmart duds), before finally finding true bliss as owners/operators of a McDonald's franchise in Rancho Cucamonga, Calif.
And those were the reactions even before anybody had read the book.
As many as are put before us by photographers and reporters who are there.
In any event, it was another 25 million years after Hynerpeton before some amphibians evolved into reptiles, the first truly terrestrial vertebrates and the remote ancestors of birds and mammals, including humans.
I knew another who slept with his girlfriend's cat the night before his draft physical just to aggravate his asthma.
The bumped passenger must hold a confirmed reservation and a ticket -- a boarding pass is not specified -- and must meet the airline's deadline, which is never less than 10 minutes before departure for a domestic flight.
Dietrich wrote, they arrived at the United gate in Boston less than 10 minutes before the departure time of their flight to Los Angeles.
First, technically, a reservation evaporates on the deadline before flight time, and the passenger with a reservation drops back to the status of a standby.
A late passenger with a boarding pass in hand, he said, has a better shot at getting the seat before the standbys because it's quicker than having the agent check the seat in the computer and print a pass.
The Ministry of Tourism in San Jose recommends that reservations be made a month before any planned visit.
Some national parks, however, do not have accommodations or provide very primitive facilities so it is advisable to inquire before departing.
Some analysts are already saying the dollar has bottomed, although that was before the weekend collapse of trade talks with Japan.
But there now seems little doubt that leave he will, before the end of the year.
Then, and not a moment before, it would be safe to announce the choice of Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell.
Yet seven chief executives of tobacco companies testified under oath before a congressional subcommittee in April that nicotine was not addictive.
--Marked tolerance in which the amount needed to satisfy increases at first before leveling off.
Thanks to its relatively warm, saturated coloration and the way Cezanne brings the landscape right up before the viewer, the Kimbell work possesses a far greater sense of immediacy than the Barnes pictures, Bailey says.
It was his first race in two months since he won the Belmont and, before that, the Preakness.
We always give them three days after a race, whether it's a $25,000 claimer or a classic winner.'' Lukas, who coached basketball before he became the most successful horse trainer in history, reached into his past for a comparison and said: ``I learned a long time ago in basketball, if you have a 25-game schedule, you circle six or seven games that you can't afford to lose if you want to be champion.
	Altman, who is to appear before the committee on Tuesday, has insisted he has no recollection of instructing Ms. Hanson to talk to the White House about the case.
And Bentsen, who is to appear before the committee on Wednesday, has portrayed himself as above the Whitewater fray and oblivious to all the discussions between White House and Treasury officials about the Whitewater case.
But to make sure things stay that way in the five weeks before the election, Bush stunned his closest rivals last week by attacking them on taxes in a new television commercial.
``I want to see where my family came from and I've never been to Poland before,'' she said.
The designers estimate that they check the fit of each new style at least four times before it goes into production.
She came to New York to work in fashion and found an entry-level job at Ellen Tracy before moving on to Liz Claiborne, where she designed knitwear.
Weeks before Kim Lepine was ready to tell Charles Booth of La Coupe that she was leaving his Madison Avenue salon after 24 years to open her own place, he saw a copy of the lease she had signed and confronted her.
Coleman's work with 42 men showed that the overwhelming majority -- 83 percent -- were aware of same-sex attraction before marriage and had acted on those feelings.
The five parts are aired in their entirety for the first time since their original telecast and include never-before-shown outtakes.
Nixon also all but blames the press for his wife Pat's stroke that came three days after she completed reading the Bob Woodward-Carl Bernstein book ``The Final Days.'' His famed contempt for the press spews forth here, as does his little-seen sensitive side as he describes crying and praying with then-Secretary of State Henry Kissinger days before the resignation.
This interview series is a true treasure, a godsend for those who may have forgotten who Richard Nixon was in the days before his days as a resurgent elder statesman.
``That means we don't have to make any more of these joint appearances.'' Ravitch, who on the set before the taping had referred jokingly to the pair as the Bobbsey Twins, was smiling when he said it.
The two sides have 10 days before the players' deadline to forge an agreement or face a potentially disastrous strike that could leave the major leagues without a post-season for the first time since 1904.
If they win the 10 games they have scheduled before Aug.
those who went before me to Kigali are unharmed,'' she said.
Action was delayed a day before the mixup could be repaired and the use of chemicals tinted the water green.
Heston, who currently has a small role in the Schwarzenegger box-office hit ``True Lies,'' denied any nerves before the program.
Instead of the Israeli Government being completely in charge, as before, Palestinians will decide for themselves what licenses, for example, are required for travel agencies and tour guides in their jurisdiction.
By his estimate, the Arab nexis of East Jerusalem, Bethlehem and Ramallah has 2,300 rooms now, all from before 1967.
But most lawmakers have voiced wariness about an invasion for any purpose other than protecting American lives, with a majority of the Senate and House having approved measures urging the president to seek authorization before sending troops into Haiti.
Republicans promised to press for legislation on Tuesday requiring the administration to consult with Congress before initiating any military operation in Haiti.
The Russian president, Boris Yeltsin, who declined Walesa's invitation and sent an aide, was criticized here for putting domestic politics before European reconciliation.
-- Only three weeks to go before the Mexican elections -- and a likely victory for governing party candidate Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de Leon.
The dollar, while sharply lower in overnight trading because of the escalation in Japanese trade tensions, steadied after traders, especially those in Europe, realized there was a 60-day grace period before the harshest American trade sanctions went into effect against Japan.
That's a role I intend to go back to.'' Rosenthal, who starred in basketball at Notre Dame and also played baseball there from 1951-54, was a banker and a member of a council advising the university's business school before being named athletic director in 1987.
Wadsworth, 51 a defensive tackle on the 1964 team coached by Ara Parseghian, played for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League from 1966-70, practiced law from 1971-81 and attended the Harvard School of Business before his diplomatic appointment in 1989.
On Sunday, Sinn Fein's No.2 leader, Martin McGuinness, who British officials say has close contact with the IRA, said: ``I am hopeful that we can bring about a situation where the conditions can be created which will go a long way towards demilitarizing the situation in the course of the next few weeks.'' Irish and British officials have said that an IRA cease-fire would have to last at least three months before it could be considered a ``cessation of violence'' that under the terms of the Downing Street Declaration, could lead to an invitation to Sinn Fein to negotiate a settlement.
And before the end of the year, two more riverboat casinos may be operating in the Kansas City area.
We don't want to tie them up.'' But that cutoff point will probably be about three days before a scheduled game, since clubs can probably resume play within two days after a settlement.
13 are likely be free to spend their money elsewhere, assuming the players strike the day before.
With only 10 days before the strike date, TBN president Ken Schanzer is not letting the gloomy labor situation affect him.
``I will continue to believe that there will be a way to resolve it before the deadline,'' said Schanzer, who has one more TBN date, on ABC stations this Saturday, before the strike date.
``Please put in your story that I've been illegally held the past five years,'' Brockett said, tapping on a reporter's open notebook before leaving the penitentiary visiting room.
An emergency crew got his heart going again, but it was weeks before ``he got his life back,'' as a friend put it, and also returned to his beloved jogging.
Dina Kochetkova, the Russian gymnast who the night before had become the first athlete to top Miller in an all-around competition in two years, had worked up the crowd and rallied for a 9.925.
Pharmacists must ask the doctor's permission before changing a prescription from one drug to another.
He believes Switzer can take Dallas where no NFL team has gone before -- to a third straight Super Bowl victory.
Lautenberg at first refused to be drawn into a discussion of his opponent's charge that the senator has failed to make a mark in office, but before long the senator showed a glint of his famous campaign claws.
One week before West's murder on Nov.
Two days before West's murder, Dobbs said, Aldrich and Dunn encountered Kem Bishop.
``The Indian people can't have things too long before the white man begins coveting them,'' he calmly complains.
But, characteristically, he then shifts into classic Chamber of Commerce resolve to expand the tribe's nongambling business into spheres like organic farming and to create a regional ``economic zone that keeps jobs and opportunities in this country, where they belong.'' In this, he projected an air of business collegiality rather than triumphalist bragging before the area's impressed local politicians.
They have suggested that an organized start should get under way immediately before the onset of heavy seasonal rains next month, when conditions in the camps will become even more nightmarish.
Under California law, it is legal for licensed facilities to store low-level radioactive waste on-site, but before the closure of the South Carolina dump, most opted to ship the waste out of state.
``We had this organization in place before we signed the partnership agreement,'' Mr. Vernon said.
For instance, the overhead cranes that handle massive coils of steel before and after treatment are operated from the plant floor using remote controls.
``It might be as little as $10 a month or as much as $100 a month.'' Once a person learns a new skill, he or she goes before a committee made up of two or three union members and a production coordinator.
She returned to Spain in the early 1970s, not long before Franco's death.
In the weeks before her death, while Miss Chacel was in the hospital, she was awarded Spain's Gold Medal for Fine Arts by King Juan Carlos.
They just came in drunk and pointed to people.'' Susica (pronounced sue-SEE-chah), where about 3,000 Muslims died and thousands more were imprisoned before exile, began its work in June 1992.
The guard, 36-year-old Pero Popovic, who deserted from the Bosnian Serb army in January 1993, made clear in three interviews with The New York Times that executions at the camp were a nightly occurrence and that a unit of the the Serbian-dominated Yugoslav army opened the way for the ``cleansing'' of Vlasenica (pronounced vlah-seh-NEET-sah) by surrounding and disarming its Muslim population a few weeks before the camp opened.
About one hour before, her husband, Ejub Hadzic, had been arrested and taken away.
Sometimes a dead body would lie in the hangar for hours, before the guards came with a bag and took it away.
 (BC-YUGOSLAVIA-CAMP-II-3RDTAKE-NYT) The Search: Survivors Hunt For Relatives By September, 1992, the only Muslims in Vlasenica left were old people or invalids whom the Serbs had refrained from shifting before.
After its closure, Susica became what it had been before: a military depot.
Kladanj, a municipality that was 73.2 percent Muslim and 23.9 percent Serb before the war, is now entirely Muslim.
Ames, the convicted spy, warned more than three years before Ames was arrested that he was a potential turncoat with an inexplicable fortune, according to a CIA memorandum made public Monday.
Thirty months passed before the start of a formal criminal investigation of Ames, who was arrested in February and pleaded guilty in April to being a mole for Moscow inside the CIA for nearly a decade.
The names of these two officials were deleted from the memorandum before it was made public Monday and an agency spokesman would not identify them because they still hold ``sensitive positions.'' The CIA has strongly disputed DeConcini's assertion that there was discord within the joint task force it had formed with the FBI to pursue the investigation in late April or early May 1991.
Michael Jackson, 35, the self-proclaimed King of Pop, and Lisa Marie Presley, 26, the only daughter of the rock 'n' roll king Elvis Presley, exchanged vows before a Dominican Republican judge, who started tongues a-waggin' when he insisted that he had performed a civil ceremony May 26.
Last weekend 17 such films collected $101 million; the weekend before 18 films grossed $100.2 million.
U.N. officials estimate that the population of Kigali has grown over the last week to about a third to a half of the 350,000 people who lived here before the war.
Piergallini himself stands to receive about $12.8 million for his 241,557 shares, before taxes.
The big drug, chemical and nutritional products company whose best known products include Wasa crackers and Ovaltine, offered a 53 percent premium over the $35 closing price the Friday before the deal was announced.
-- Only three weeks to go before the Mexican elections -- and a likely victory for governing party candidate Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de Leon.
Hill, a 40-year-old former minister and a regular protester outside the clinic, had been told by a police officer about 25 minutes before the shooting to remove some white wooden crosses he had planted near the clinic.
But even before the ink was dry, the plan was short of money.
It earned $20 million last year before a special item, on sales of $311 million.
The value of the deal will be based on a 30-day average of LDDS shares, to be calculated three business days before the deal closes, which is expected to be about six months from now, IDB said.
He said sales were 50 percent ahead of where they were 10 days before the original Woodstock, ``the seminal event of a generation.'' There were other signs Monday that the Saugerties event would be well attended.
Fifty thousand tickets went on sale last Monday, less than three weeks before the concert, whose planning has been plagued by repeated difficulties and delays.
Helms described the publications as ``disgusting, obscene material that's laid out before school children in this country every day.'' 
The jury found that 118 of Nintendo's video games sold in the United States introduced on or before July 31, 1989, infringed a patent assigned to Alpex that helps video game characters move and interact.
The award is not expected to affect current Nintendo sales because the patent that was found to be infringed expired in May and the lawsuit covered games introduced on or before July 31, 1989.
At a daylong hearing before the Senate Banking Committee, Jean E.
Several career officials of the trust corporation, which supervises the savings and loan industry, also criticized Ms. Hanson and Altman in testimony before the Senate committee, saying it was highly improper for the Treasury Department to give the White House advance notice of a criminal investigation that might involve the president.
White House officials who testified before the House Banking Committee last week sought to portray the warning about the investigation as proper and routine.
Monday, the trust corporation officials who testified said they thought that Altman, who was running their agency at the time, should have separated himself from the investigation long before public pressure forced him to do so in February.
She said leaks at the agency handling the savings and loan bailout were ``a fact of life.'' Ms. Hanson, like other administration appointees who testified before her, said that none of her actions, or Altman's, or those of White House officials, blocked or interfered with the Madison investigation.
Rather than focus on Disney's animation or its characters, Ground Zero centered its pitch around a mother's ability to make a meaningful impression on her child in the early years, before having to compete with soccer, scouts and sleepovers.
Hanson, appearing before the Senate Banking Committee, gingerly downplayed her differences in memory with Altman and Bentsen, maintaining the conflicts were unimportant, because no one did anything to try to influence the RTC investigation.
Senate committee members have criticized Altman, because some senators believe he misled them during an appearance before the panel last February.
24 testimony once she received a transcript, but a grand jury led by special counsel Robert Fiske subpoenaed the records before she could make the additions.
Roelle also disclosed that an aide to President Bush expressed an interest in the Madison case just weeks before the 1992 presidential election, which Clinton won.
Their 14-year-old son Angel tried to stop the attackers, neighbors said, and was shot in the leg and back before struggling to the phone to call the police.
They just came in drunk and pointed to people.'' Susica (pronounced sue-SEE-chah), where about 3,000 Muslims died and thousands more were imprisoned before exile, began its work in June 1992.
The guard, 36-year-old Pero Popovic, who deserted from the Bosnian Serb army in January 1993, made clear in three interviews with The New York Times that executions at the camp were a nightly occurrence and that a unit of the the Serbian-dominated Yugoslav army opened the way for the ``cleansing'' of Vlasenica (pronounced vlah-seh-NEET-sah) by surrounding and disarming its Muslim population a few weeks before the camp opened.
About one hour before, her husband, Ejub Hadzic, had been arrested and taken away.
Sometimes a dead body would lie in the hangar for hours, before the guards came with a bag and took it away.
 (BC-YUGOSLAVIA-CAMP-II-3RDTAKE-NYT) The Search: Survivors Hunt For Relatives By September, 1992, the only Muslims in Vlasenica left were old people or invalids whom the Serbs had refrained from shifting before.
After its closure, Susica became what it had been before: a military depot.
Kladanj, a municipality that was 73.2 percent Muslim and 23.9 percent Serb before the war, is now entirely Muslim.
-- Only three weeks to go before the Mexican elections -- and a likely victory for governing party candidate Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de Leon.
He had a private practice in Harlem before entering public service as an assistant district attorney in the Bronx, N.Y., where he headed the indictments and narcotics bureaus.
And the mayor, William Maresca, has said the Guatemalans are not like the Koreans, who came before them in this town of sons and daughters of Italian and Irish immigrants.
Included among items sought by the defense are radio calls and police reports of prowlers or burglaries in the crime scene area for the six months before the killings; a computer match of all unidentified fingerprints found at the crime scene; and police reports of ``similar'' unsolved murders in Los Angeles County over the past years.
Not with Bermuda, a warm-weather grass that likes a good six weeks to settle in before being trampled on by big men in cleats.
Hunt came down from his suite for a closer view just before halftime.
He admitted moments before kickoff that when he was growing up, he idolized Oakland Raiders wide receiver Fred Biletnikoff.
Long before the field was laid, he'd visited sod farms and other stadiums with grass fields.
Only the white lines had been painted on the field before he left for camp.
The shock goes into the ground, not into your body -- that's the main thing.'' Hunt said he was relieved when linebacker Derrick Thomas told him before the game that the field ``looks great.'' ``I know he likes the speed he has on artificial turf,'' Hunt said.
Fleiss, 28, and Los Feliz pediatrician Dr. Paul Fleiss, 60, appeared Monday before U.S. District Judge Consuelo B.
With an inexperienced rookie protecting the blindside of an injury-prone quarterback like Chris Miller, it may only be a matter of time before Schultz steps in and plays regularly.
I'm guessing.'' Ben Hines, who spent 10 years as a coach and instructor for the Dodgers before joining the Astros as hitting coach this year, smiled and said: ``I'd love to take credit for this team,'' Hines said.
But that was in the old times, before I woke up a new man, amazingly gifted.
Hill, a 40-year-old former minister and a regular protester outside the clinic, had been told by a police officer about 25 minutes before the shooting to remove some white wooden crosses he had planted near the clinic.
Jacome gave up two earned runs on five hits across seven innings, struck out three and walked one, before he was lifted for a pinch-hitter with Atlanta leading by 2-1 in the top of the eighth.
Bonilla drew her weapon and fired one shot into the ground before Coleman wrestled her down and began pummeling her.
Sometimes impressively, sometimes sluggishly, the Yankees usually wrest control of games before nine innings expire.
The Yankees lead the second-place Orioles by 8 games with 10 games remaining before the Aug.
``Our guys are pretty good plodders and pretty good grinders,'' Manager Buck Showalter said before the game.
Fleiss, 28, and pediatrician Dr. Paul Fleiss, 60, appeared Monday before U.S. District Judge Consuelo B.
Team trainers Bill Buhler and Charlie Strasser were so impressed by the results, they arranged to meet Chavez before last Friday's game and purchased $131 worth of bath oil, spray and lotion.
The Dodgers knew three hours before game time Monday that the San Francisco Giants had lost.
A fine chance to gain some breathing room 11 days before the scheduled strike was lost when the Dodgers had their three-game winning streak ended 5-4 by the San Diego Padres and fell a game below .500.
The way we played tonight, we're not going to beat anybody.'' The Dodgers' NL West lead over the Giants remained at one game (and was cut to 2{ over third-place Colorado), as Hershiser was thoroughly outpitched by Padres rookie Joey Hamilton before an announced 39,244 at Dodger Stadium.
So the Dodgers cling to their one-game lead with nine games scheduled before the strike date.
``I've never been hurt like this before.
The Cincinnati Reds played the San Francisco Giants even for eight innings before hanging a loss on an overworked bullpen.
The Giants remained one game behind the Los Angeles Dodgers in the National League West, but with precious few left to play before the August 12 strike date, all losses mean just a little bit more.
Brumfield, who pinch-ran for Hunter, and Fernandez moved up on a ground out before manager Dusty Baker summoned Frey.
Letting it grow long was sort of a way to show pride in their heritage, to say `I can do what I want to do.''' Although short Afros are commonplace in some cities, several women here said they hesitated before cutting their hair as recently as last year because they didn't know how Austin would respond.
``I didn't know many of them before,'' she says.
``They're very proud of me,'' she says, before rushing back to the machines.
EDGAR DEGAS: THE MANY DIMENSIONS OF A FRENCH IMPRESSIONIST DAYTON, Ohio  (BC-DANCER-ART-COX) Edgar Degas showed it several decades before George Balanchine said it: ``Ballet is woman.'' It's a message that will come through again beginning Aug.
It was a familiar tune -- I had heard it before.
FAITH FORUM: TRUE LOVE WAITS FOR THOSE WHO ABSTAIN UNTIL MARRIAGE WASHINGTON  (BC-FAITH-FORUM-COX) More than 20,000 teenagers from across the country rallied in Washington last week under the banner ``True Love Waits.'' The five-day conference (July 27-31) sponsored by Youth for Christ displayed more than 200,000 pledge cards from teens who promised to wait until marriage before having sex.
In Jeffrey Eugenides's bittersweet novel, ``The Virgin Suicides,'' some neighbors call on a father whose family has suffered a tragedy: ``Mr. Lisbon invited them in, but before they could broach the painful subject, he sat them down in front of the baseball game.
I'd asked what people used to do, before TV, while they shelled peas.
Dianne Feinstein four years ago before she lost the governor's race to Wilson by just 290,000 votes.
Dreiser's major novels are structurally chaotic, causing one to wonder if he outlined his material before commencing a project.
Born poor in Indiana in 1871, he was a workaday newspaperman before ``Sister Carrie'' was published and for some years afterward, so skimpy were the royalties for his widely denounced first novel.
The youthful Jennie bears a child after an affair with a senator who dies before he can marry her.
At last count they had sold about 150,000, far less than the 250,000 they had hoped to sell before Aug.
The state Health Department, which had to sign off on the plan, prohibited the company from promoting the event before all permits were issued.
Conchs were a food staple in the Caribbean long before tourists began flocking here.
Conchs were a food staple in the Caribbean long before tourists began flocking here.
The mass evacuation plan was put to the test for the first time in August 1992, when Hurricane Andrew made a feint at the Keys before it slammed into the Florida peninsula around Homestead.
Billy Wagner Jr. of Marathon, Fla., Monroe County's director of emergency management, got a jump on the storm by starting emergency procedures 40 hours before its tropical winds buffeted the islands.
The mass evacuation plan was put to the test for the first time in August 1992, when Hurricane Andrew made a feint at the Keys before it slammed into the Florida peninsula around Homestead.
Billy Wagner Jr. of Marathon, Fla., Monroe County's director of emergency management, got a jump on the storm by starting emergency procedures 40 hours before its tropical winds buffeted the islands.
He cautioned that by offering tickets to motorists in smaller groups, Woodstock Ventures may run out of parking places before it runs out of tickets.
``We'll be in before Christmas,'' says Mairead Dunlevy, the director of the Hunt Museum, who is also a curator at the National Museum.
And yes, before you even mention John Cameron Swayze, one rootarian found a Timex watch still ticking.
This publicity push -- more than a month before the Huskies' season opener at Southern Cal Sept.
``But I like just the basic look.'' Chances are former Husky head coach Don James would frown on such a promotion, especially a month before the season.
``Don't you get the feeling,'' he adds, mostly but not altogether humorously, ``that she's been here before?
``The fans are the ones who lose out, especially with this great season.'' Giants fan Ron Jones formed the organization O.U.C.H. -- Only Unrepresented Consumers Hurt -- to get fans to wear bandages adorned with the acronym to games before the strike.
They landed behind the stage, and before he knew it, Reeves (who admits ``I was not too hip'' and was wearing a tie) was hanging out with Janis Joplin, Country Joe McDonald and Blood, Sweat and Tears.
Knowing the back roads of Sullivan County, Kaufman drove to within three miles of the site before traffic jams forced him to hike.
``It's giving ordinary citizens a whole new power they never had before,'' said Howard Rheingold, author of the book ``The Virtual Community.'' ``In some ways, it's as significant as the invention of the printing press.'' Computer users have pitched their own questions directly to everyone from Vice President Al Gore to the Rev.
When the massive Northridge earthquake rocked Southern California in January, it took only 25 minutes before the first discussion group was launched on the Well, a Sausalito-based on-line service.
CompuServe's Astronomy Forum began humming with comet information a month before the collision.
``It will probably be months before I hear from them,'' she said.
In February, long before news of the comet became common, an AOL subscriber with the screen name of Wolf Med posted this query: ``Students came into class today and claimed that an asteroid was going to impact with Jupiter and destroy life on Earth.
Homework always comes before fun.
Most fruits -- bananas, peaches, plums, apples, pears and so on -- can simply be halved and then pitted or cored before grilling.
To prevent fruit from sticking to the grill, oil the pieces very lightly before placing them on the grill grid.
Let the glaze darken just slightly, which usually takes about 30 seconds to one minute; then, remove the fruit from the fire before the sugar is burned black.
Approximate nutritional analysis per serving: 45 calories, 1 gram fat, 0 milligrams cholesterol, 25 milligrams sodium (before salting), 0 grams protein, 9 grams carbohydrate.
Approximate nutritional analysis per serving: 150 calories, 7 grams fat, 0 milligrams cholesterol, 610 milligrams sodium (before salting), 1 gram protein, 20 grams carbohydrate.
About 7 minutes before potatoes are cooked, add beans to potatoes and cook until beans are tender but firm.
``My opponents know they are beaten even before the first serve.'' Where will racquets go from here?
``My opponents know they are beaten even before the first serve.'' Where will racquets go from here?
``My first day at the Greenmarket was just before Bouley opened his restaurant,'' he said.
State and federal agencies also are required to check the status of welfare applicants before providing them with welfare, housing and other benefits.
`HOTEL' IS WORTH A SUMMER TRIP  (BC-TV-SMITH-COLUMN-TEX) The brass ring dangling before those limited-run summer series on network TV is the possibility that they'll catch on and earn a full-time spot later in the season.
Like the chiefs before him over the past 93 years, one of Gary's biggest headaches centers on a tiny lightbulb in his main station -- the one that's been glowing since 1901.
``It was hung as a nightlight in a downtown garage that served as both a police and fire department five years before the great San Francisco earthquake and fire in 1906,'' Griffith said.
KOREA (Tokyo)  (AM-PAGE1-CONSIDER-NYT) Just days before critical talks with the United States are set to begin, North Korea's new leadership partly ended uncertainty over its policies by indicating it would maintain an apparently constructive turn in the former leader's approach to the crisis over the North's nuclear program.
The biggest advantage is that you don't have to hang around for the washer to finish before putting your load in the dryer.
At last count they had sold about 150,000, far less than the 250,000 they had hoped to sell before Aug.
The state Health Department, which had to sign off on the plan, prohibited the company from promoting the event before all permits were issued.
He cautioned that by offering tickets to motorists in smaller groups, Woodstock Ventures may run out of parking places before it runs out of tickets.
Along with ``Shut up'' and ``Knock it off.'' Americans appear to be more conscientious about using sunscreen than ever before.
SOME HIV-POSITIVE HEMOPHILIACS MAY LIVE 25 YEARS SYMPTOM-FREE  (BC-AIDS-HEMOPHILIAC-NYT) A significant minority of hemophiliacs infected with the virus that causes AIDS may live for up to 25 years before developing the disease, British medical researchers have calculated.
Based on the rate of change in these blood cells among the men in the study, the researchers at the Royal Free Hospital and School of Medicine in London developed a mathematical model that predicts that 25 percent of the men would live 20 years and 18 percent would live 25 years before developing full-fledged AIDS.
Robert's early triumphs, as Atahuallpa in Peter Shaffer's ``Royal Hunt of the Sun'' (1964) and Benedick to his future wife's Beatrice in ``Much Ado About Nothing'' (1965), occurred before his two younger sons were born.
Then I went to see Toby do it, and at one point he says, `I said it before, and I'll say it until the day I drop dead; you shouldn't give the bloody corn to the Romans.' ``So it's justified,'' Robert smiles toward his son, lighting another cigarette.
``Robert said, `Sometimes you stoop slightly; you must never stoop.' '' This reminds Robert of how often Laurence Olivier ``nagged one about the plasticity of the body.'' ``He said, `As soon as you walk onto the stage, before you've spoken, you've told the audience a story; your body, the shape of it, has got to express what your voice is saying so they can see what you mean.' '' Toby leans forward on the couch: ``Actors who are too cerebral can be very cold and somebody too intuitive can be too relentless.
Gramercy brought in three drag queens from Australia, one of whom inspired part of the film's plot, and had them lip-sync songs by Abba to a packed audience before the screening.
The claims for fish oil then went hog wild, with hints of benefits being turned into established facts long before proper studies had explored them.
For just as Wagnerian characters like Klingsor and Beckmesser wave red flags before current fighters against anti-Semitism, Elsa and Ortrud, the women of ``Lohengrin,'' are not calculated to win the hearts of feminists.
FOOTNOTE any tears will be shed before the film's (happy) conclusion.
``Don't you get the feeling,'' he adds, mostly but not altogether humorously, ``that she's been here before?
Robert's early triumphs, as Atahuallpa in Peter Shaffer's ``Royal Hunt of the Sun'' (1964) and Benedick to his future wife's Beatrice in ``Much Ado About Nothing'' (1965), occurred before his two younger sons were born.
Then I went to see Toby do it, and at one point he says, `I said it before, and I'll say it until the day I drop dead; you shouldn't give the bloody corn to the Romans.' ``So it's justified,'' Robert smiles toward his son, lighting another cigarette.
``Robert said, `Sometimes you stoop slightly; you must never stoop.' '' This reminds Robert of how often Laurence Olivier ``nagged one about the plasticity of the body.'' ``He said, `As soon as you walk onto the stage, before you've spoken, you've told the audience a story; your body, the shape of it, has got to express what your voice is saying so they can see what you mean.' '' Toby leans forward on the couch: ``Actors who are too cerebral can be very cold and somebody too intuitive can be too relentless.
Ellen Haas, the assistant secretary of agriculture for food and consumer services, stopped by the tasting before addressing the convention on the department's efforts to develop nutrition awareness.
The scene is from a new television advertisement paid for by the Alliance for GATT NOW, a coalition of more than 200,000 U.S. companies and business groups that want the pact, the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, ratified by Congress this month -- before lawmakers adjourn for their scheduled Aug.
After all, they say, hashish is good before a fight.
After all, they say, hashish is good before a fight.
Under the Brady law, a prospective gun buyer must wait five days before taking possession of the weapon, allowing police time to check his or her background and try to ensure that the buyer is not mentally ill or a convicted felon.
Corn futures were nearly unchanged as traders hesitated to take strong positions before private analysts issue their crop production estimates later this week.
Under the Brady law, a prospective gun buyer must wait five days before taking possession of the weapon, allowing police time to check his or her background and try to ensure that the buyer is not mentally ill or a convicted felon.
She didn't understand women's liberation because it never occurred to her that she was not liberated.'' 	The book will include never-before-published interviews and letters.
She didn't understand women's liberation because it never occurred to her that she was not liberated.'' 	The book will include never-before-published interviews and letters.
``I hope General Cedras and the other two leave before this (military) option becomes necessary,'' Schrager said.
We're hoping he'll see the light before it's too late for him and his institution.'' His comments came after an announcement broadcast on Haitian television said the military-installed de facto government of provisional President Emile Jonassaint had ordered authorities to prosecute anyone who ``requested'' a copy of Sunday's U.N. Security Council resolution.
But the deal fell through before it was consummated, and the auction is to continue into next week.
``All sorts of people came in and and said they'd never heard of him before.'' (Nor had Rycroft, who said he was now reading Wilcox's first book, ``Modern Baptists,'' himself).
But Wednesday's marathon hearing before the Senate Banking Committee showed that -- with those scandals serving as a historical backdrop -- the wages of ``testifying incompletely'' these days can exact a high political toll.
Last September, well before Fiske got involved, Bernard Nussbaum, the then White House counsel, was briefed on the matter by Jean Hanson, the Treasury general counsel.
A microprocessor in the doll monitors how long the baby cried before it stopped and if it was handled roughly.
It's her first novel since she was awarded the Nobel Prize in 1991, set in newly emerging South Africa just before the country's first nonracial elections (Farrar, Straus and Giroux; September).
DESPITE `CONCILITORY' NORTH KOREAN ATTITUDE, PROBLEMS LOOM TOKYO  (BC-KOREA-550&ADD-NYT) Just days before critical talks with the United States are set to begin, North Korea's new leadership partly ended uncertainty over its policies Tuesday by indicating that it would maintain an apparently constructive turn in the former leader's approach to the crisis over North Korea's nuclear program.
Shortly before he died a month ago, Kim Il Sung, Communist North Korea's absolute ruler for nearly five decades, turned away from confrontation by temporarily freezing his efforts to produce plutonium, the raw material for atomic bombs.
Just before Kim Il Sung adopted his apparently more flexible stand, North Korea violated instructions from international inspectors affiliated with the United Nations and unloaded 8,000 spent fuel rods from a reactor at Yongbyon, 60 miles north of the capital, Pyongyang.
Jack Ryan, being a good guy, is kept in the dark about all this, even denying before Congress that any such operation is under way.
The exclusive purpose of the negotiations is to resolve the salary issue -- and a possible teachers strike -- before the new school year begins, UTLA President Helen Bernstein said.
But Wednesday's marathon hearing before the Senate Banking Committee showed that -- with those scandals serving as a historical backdrop -- the wages of ``testifying incompletely'' these days can exact a high political toll.
They hoped to establish with the union their contention that, like baseball owners before them and those before them -- back to the 19th century, to the days of, pardon the expression, the robber barons -- that they, today's owners, are losing money.
The court ruled in favor of the young lovers, and a day before Clara's 21st birthday, they were married.
It wasn't long before you found out that this was a resistant society.
``There was enough to keep the U.S. authorities on the alert, especially in view of Japan's past record in the matter of surprise raids before declaring war.'' The document said that as of Dec.
Knowing what's coming would free us to pick up clues and nuances we missed before.
This was before the Gulf War, while Iraq was still at war with Iran.
Bull should have listened; on March 22, 1990, before the project was completed, he was gunned down by a still unknown assassin in his Brussels apartment.
The thin layer of ice on the arena floor was questionable an hour before speed skating was scheduled to begin.
``Unfortunately the continent is Asia.'' Ten days before the players' strike deadline in the current labor dispute, Orza on Tuesday offered a variation on the same theme for the state of these talks.
Neither side has given any hint of secretly harboring a breakthrough proposal, but if either comes up with something, it most likely won't surface until next week in the final days before the players are prepared to walk out.
 In July, before the exodus, about 425 Rwandan francs were worth $1.
The glancing blow knocked the leg free while it was supporting about 25 percent of the robot's weight, but engineers were able to lower other legs to stabilize the machine before it fell.
The exclusive purpose of the negotiations is to resolve the salary issue -- and a possible teachers strike -- before the new school year begins, UTLA President Helen Bernstein said.
These preparations mean that an invasion would not be likely before the end of this month, officials say.
Benjamin Gilman, R-N.Y., said in separate statements Tuesday that Clinton should seek congressional approval in addition to the U.N. authorization before committing American forces to Haiti.
``It makes no sense,'' said Ms. Fisere, one of nine women who were ordained before Vanags took office.
``But it has been resented.'' Vanags's position on the ordination of women was known before he was elected by the Latvian Synod of Bishops, and most Western church leaders favored the candidacy of Rozitis.
Typically, it takes four months before a rise in rates translates into slower home sales.
He is a rock-hard 173 pounds, almost exactly what he weighed before the battle with cancer, and his personal trainer tells him that he has 10 pounds more muscle than he had last year.
``I'm going to airmail you here,'' he said, just before ripping his tee shot.
Using walkie-talkies to communicate and monitoring police scanners, the thieves would study a warehouse carefully before striking.
Optional add follows) The harshest attack on Mitchell's plan came from the Senate Republican Policy Committee, which issued a statement predicting it would be ``a dead duck from a lame duck.'' ``I hadn't heard that before.
Isn't it reasonable to hope that they'll support it again before all this is done?'' Mitchell's bill will be ready to introduce formally Wednesday.
``In the age before computer technology it made this kind of thing easy and much more difficult to detect,'' said the spokeswoman, Karen Calhoun.
Holland, Republican of Rockland County, said the report points to much greater welfare fraud and questioned why Cuomo had not thought to institute cross-state checks before.
A few thousand appear to have occurred after trading in the stock was supposedly halted, at the request of Newbridge, but before the bad news the company was planning to announce Monday came out.
Hundreds of thousands of shares were traded after the bad news was out, but before trading was supposed to resume.
The request came in before trading opened at 9:30 a.m., but delays related to getting approval by Nasdaq officials meant the trading halt was not imposed until 9:32.
But somebody at Nasdaq failed to execute the computer command and the system opened not just for quotes, but for trading at 11:40 a.m. The exchange's Small Order Execution System, which automatically executes public orders of up to 5,000 shares, executed about 100 orders before 11:45 a.m., and many more were executed by market makers dealing with each other.
The shares fell as low as $26.50 Monday before closing at $28.625.
He said it was caused by human error, and that nothing similar had happened before.
The Serbian government has made such threats before, and even claimed to have closed the Serbian-Bosnian border for a time in 1993 in an effort to show that it was complying with international demands that it pressure the Bosnian Serbs to make peace.
Hoping to make sure that did not happen, the Clinton administration negotiated labor and environmental side agreements with Mexico and Canada before submitting the North American accord to Congress last year.
``We are beginning to see children singing and playing, while a few days before they would be listless, in states of shock, traumatized really,'' Bouhafa said.
``I'm getting case discounts of up to 20 percent, which I've never seen before,'' said John Hogan, owner of John Walker & Co., a fine-wine shop in San Francisco.
``When you plant a vineyard, you're going to have three years before any fruit is harvested -- three years without money coming in,'' said Schofield.
``I'm getting case discounts of up to 20 percent, which I've never seen before,'' said John Hogan, owner of John Walker & Co., a fine-wine shop in San Francisco.
``When you plant a vineyard, you're going to have three years before any fruit is harvested -- three years without money coming in,'' said Schofield.
If they had recommended a company before earnings were reported, any uptick makes them look good.
``I mean, before, the focus was always on me.
``I definitely could not have said that before.
24 hearing before the Banking Committee.
``But if Ms. Hanson did advise the White House of an impending press leak on it, I see nothing improper in that.'' Altman also disputed the notion that he should have withdrawn from the Madison case long before he did on Feb.
One member declined to vote on that question but later voted with the other eight on a question of whether nicotine ``is likely to lead to addiction in the typical smoker.'' The panel's votes are a step in the FDA's investigation of whether to regulate nicotine as a drug and took the agency farther than it has gone before in establishing control over nicotine.
``Remember,'' he says patiently, ``you need to open the gate before you put in the disk.'' Benjamin's older cousin, Aaron, said the science and math programs helped him to understand his school work.
Testifying Tuesday before the Senate panel looking into Treasury Department contacts with the White House on the Whitewater matter, Steiner, the 28-year-old chief of staff for Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen, was asked to read aloud the ``lessons'' that capped one of his February diary entries.
He looked so impossibly young, earnest and nervous, sitting before his microphone at the green felt-covered Senate witness table, that some senators addressed him simply as ``Joshua'' or ``Josh.'' A couple more lawmakers offered him fatherly, and motherly, advice to spend some time, drinking a six-pack perhaps, with some of the respected, gray-haired veterans around town who might be able to teach him enough about politics to salvage his scalded career.
``He's only 28 and suddenly he's caught before these nasty, tough old men.'' Watching Steiner's squirming performance from the outside, the graybeards were ``bumfuzzled,'' as one of them, John White, likes to put it, that both Steiner and Altman had kept such damaging diaries.
Timothy Healy at the New York Public Library (on Stephanopoulos's recommendation) before coming to Washington, made several stabs at distancing himself from his diary.
Testifying Tuesday before the Senate panel looking into Treasury Department contacts with the White House on the Whitewater matter, Steiner, the 28-year-old chief of staff for Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen, was asked to read aloud the ``lessons'' that capped one of his February diary entries.
He looked so impossibly young, earnest and nervous, sitting before his microphone at the green felt-covered Senate witness table, that some senators addressed him simply as ``Joshua'' or ``Josh.'' A couple more lawmakers offered him fatherly, and motherly, advice to spend some time, drinking a six-pack perhaps, with some of the respected, gray-haired veterans around town who might be able to teach him enough about politics to salvage his scalded career.
``He's only 28 and suddenly he's caught before these nasty, tough old men.'' Watching Steiner's squirming performance from the outside, the graybeards were ``bumfuzzled,'' as one of them, John White, likes to put it, that both Steiner and Altman had kept such damaging diaries.
Timothy Healy at the New York Public Library (on Stephanopoulos's recommendation) before coming to Washington, made several stabs at distancing himself from his diary.
His son, born at 25 weeks, 15 weeks before his due date, weighed 1 pound, 11 ounces.
Lantos said that before a baby was 25 weeks old, many doctors would advise against treatment, but that improving survival rates after 25 weeks led many doctors to advocate aggressive measures.
If they had recommended a company before earnings were reported, any uptick makes them look good.
ALTMAN ADMITS GIVING INCOMPLETE TESTIMONY TO CONGRESS WASHINGTON  (BC-WHITEWATER-HNS) Deputy Treasury Secretary Roger Altman, his credibility and job at stake, admitted Tuesday he gave incomplete testimony before Congress but said he did not intend to mislead members about the Whitewater inquiry.
Altman conceded his testimony before the Senate Banking Committee on Feb.
Republican senators have accused Altman of providing inside information that the RTC would not complete its civil investigation before the Feb.
25 he would recuse himself, Steiner wrote that President Clinton ``was furious.'' Steiner, 28, who appeared before the panel earlier Tuesday, sought to explain away the entries as having been impressions from sometimes second-hand conversations that were likely incorrect.
Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen will appear before the Senate panel Wednesday.
3, 1994: The health-care bill that the majority leader, George Mitchell, put before the Senate Tuesday looks encouraging.
It is far better than the poorly designed bill before the House.
Compared with other bills actively before Congress, Mitchell's bill should give Americans enormous hope as the House and Senate move to floor debate next week.
As the dead began to pile up by the thousands, further endangering the living, a call went out to Washington from squalid refugee camps for digging machines and bulldozers to bury the bodies before they could infect the living.
To assure that it is eventually reimbursed, the Pentagon has to get U.N. approval before acting on requests.
But no matter -- the United Nations in New York solicits bids before drawing up a contract.
3, 1994: Somewhere above reality -- somewhere, let us say, between the earth and the ether -- there lies a land whose only manifestation is in those fabulous tabloids that greet supermarket shoppers just before they reach the cash register.
His son, born at 25 weeks, 15 weeks before his due date, weighed 1 pound, 11 ounces.
Lantos said that before a baby was 25 weeks old, many doctors would advise against treatment, but that improving survival rates after 25 weeks led many doctors to advocate aggressive measures.
Bastar was born in San Juan, P.R. In the 1950s he performed with Arsenio Rodriguez and Alfarona X before forming his own band.
He said he was told three days before the game that he was going to start.
There was some talk before this season's All-Star Game that the players would strike, and the owners' labor representatives urged them not to take that action.
He might have fooled the Brewers by meeting with Nokes briefly in full view of everyone before the at-bat.
The Cowboys have three more weeks of training camp and four more preseason games before making final roster decisions.
``Lincoln can play six or seven plays before he runs out of gas,'' Switzer said.
Buses will have to be inspected before they are allowed to go into service.
But users should be given an opportunity to review the rules, guidelines and parameters of an offer before they commit to responding.
He was gone by the sixth inning, losing to the Chicago White Sox, 6-2, before 45,152 at The Ballpark in Arlington.
Graves, using President Clinton as ammunition, got the fall campaign rolling before the final primary returns trickled in.
That financial edge enabled Wheat to begin his television advertising campaign June 22, a full month before Murphy hit the airways.
Her biography spot ran just a few days before she launched ads that contrasted herself with Wheat.
Voters, they say, need a reason to vote for somebody before they decide to vote against someone else.
Conference commissioners from the Southwest, Southeastern, Big Eight, Big East, Atlantic Coast, Big Ten and Pacific-10 are polling athletic directors this week before announcing their decision, which is expected tomorrow or Friday.
The team, which has been forced from its Kingdome home because of falling ceiling tiles, found a far less serious problem in its locker room before Tuesday's opener of a three-game series relocated to Anaheim.
``And it might be my last.'' Salmon said the team wanted to see how his strained hamstring felt the day after a strenuous test before making a decision.
As the crews milled about before the start, Jones hollered: ``What beautiful sails.
The Padres fought them long and hard again Tuesday night before Dave Hansen's two-out pinch single in the bottom of the 11th inning gave the Dodgers a much-needed 7-6 victory before the remainder of 32,549 at Dodger Stadium.
So, too, had third-place Colorado, leaving the Dodgers with another plum chance to extend their slim lead with only eight games scheduled before the players' announced strike date of Aug.
The Dodgers went ahead 6-5 in the fifth, before San Diego tied it in the sixth with its only run off the Dodgers' relief corps.
He followed that with a wild pitch that scored DeShields for a 6-5 Dodger lead before striking out Eric Karros and Raul Mondesi to end the inning.
I was tempted to tell him the truth but before I could get started he banged his hands on the edge of the table and started hollering, `You win.
Dang it, you win!' He told me to go ahead and call the air conditioning man.'' ``So, did you?'' ``Darned right I did,'' she says, ``before he found out his golf clubs and fishing poles were still in the shed where they've always been and that the chair's at Etta's getting reupholstered.
A: The first ``turncoat'' lived 200 years or so before Benedict Arnold, and apparently he wasn't a traitor but simply a pretty clever guy.
``Major League II'' will get to video stores just before major leaguers go on strike.
Included are ``never-before-seen'' scenes of Jefferson Airplane performing Uncle Sam's Blues and Won't You Try and Janis Joplin singing her alcohol-soaked heart out on Work Me, Lord.
Salomon Brothers analyst Julius Maldutis told Dow Jones News Service he hopes the pay raise proposal ``signals the fact that pilots and management will be able to move forward.'' But Sam Buttrick of Kidder Peabody & Co. said Delta should ``tread carefully before adopting a concessions-for-growth attitude.'' Delta stock rose 75 cents a share Tuesday to $49.125.
He manages to make scenes we've seen hundreds of times before seem fresh and vital, and with neither he nor Ford able to do much with the story itself, it's easy to understand why they would turn to a civics debate on national interest and public trust.
It would be very difficult to make a case that today's modern methods of criminal punishment are superior to the ancient methods employed by Native Americans before they were discovered by lost Europeans.
In 1993, 18,168 patients received organ transplants, but 2,887 patients -- about eight a day -- died before an organ became available.
Tibbs admits his health isn't as good as it was before his heart began to fail.
``With living donors, we have a good quality organ available when we need it, early in the course of the disease before the patient gets really sick,'' says Dr. James B.
Sure we'll all be convinced of that sometime before the decade's end.
24 hearing before the Banking Committee.
``But if Ms. Hanson did advise the White House of an impending press leak on it, I see nothing improper in that.'' Altman also disputed the notion that he should have withdrawn from the Madison case long before he did on Feb.
Popov, who is credited with inventing the radio in 1895, one year before Italian Guglielmo Marconi.
``Tip'' O'Neill Jr., a seat held before by Uncle Jack, and decades earlier by great-grandfather John ``Honey Fitz'' Fitzgerald.
Then came Huey's son Russell, who rose to the No. 2 position in the U.S. Senate before losing the job to Ted Kennedy in 1968.
Examples: -- Haddad said that six months before the trucks were torched, an armed mob broke into a warehouse in northern Chihuahua state and dumped 5,500 gallons of Price's Creameries milk.
An official from the giant U.S. dairy products company of Borden, who asked not to be identified, said Mexican customs workers say the inspections are ``normal.'' But, the official added, ``we know there's a certain amount of pressure being put on the Mexican government by the milk producers to limit imports.'' Marvin Feldman, who distributes in Mexico for Borden, said Mexican officials have shortened his operating permits from 90 to nine days -- a time so short that he has difficulty getting milk into Mexico and selling it before its expiration date.
Examples: -- Haddad said that six months before the trucks were torched, an armed mob broke into a warehouse in northern Chihuahua state and dumped 5,500 gallons of Price's Creameries milk.
An official from the giant U.S. dairy products company of Borden, who asked not to be identified, said Mexican customs workers say the inspections are ``normal.'' But, the official added, ``we know there's a certain amount of pressure being put on the Mexican government by the milk producers to limit imports.'' Marvin Feldman, who distributes in Mexico for Borden, said Mexican officials have shortened his operating permits from 90 to nine days -- a time so short that he has difficulty getting milk into Mexico and selling it before its expiration date.
It would make sense to get a control on ``quality'' in the arena of prescriptions for the elderly before making drugs easier to distribute.
Families ought to review an elder's drug regime before accepting a diagnosis of Alzheimer's.
Don Riegle, D-Mich., admonished him to send a message to his subordinates that they must give ``direct, full complete answers'' when they testify before Congress.
Part of the reason for the soft treatment may be that Bentsen is a former colleague who represented Texas for 22 years before becoming Treasury secretary in 1993.
Richard Shelby, D-Ala., that he couldn't explain a portion of his diary, Shelby retorted, ``You have a convenient memory here today.'' Steiner's diary entries chronicled the administration's control the Whitewater story, an effort he termed a ``disaster.'' When Riegel urged Bentsen to ensure that his aides be more forthcoming to Congress, the Treasury secretary answered, ``That certainly is my intention and my direction to anybody representing Treasury.'' A key issue before the committee is whether Hanson informed the White House of the RTC's Madison investigation at the direction of Altman.
I had to argue for the other side.'' Clark-Brooks said that although using the Simpson case before a verdict has been reached surprised her, it enhances the class.
``As a result, we haven't been as humane as we could be.'' Dieckmann, a UCSF associate professor of pediatrics and emergency medicine, said that before the policy was put in place, many kids with even small injuries -- like a cut on the chin -- had faced a terrifying experience at the hospital.
Now, doctors can prescribe small doses of sedatives such as Midazolam, taken either orally or nasally, to calm the child before doing the procedure.
Among the most popular options for obtaining foreign money are these: -- Exchange U.S. currency for foreign currency before leaving home.
-- Purchase travelers checks in foreign denominations before leaving home.
-- Wait until arriving in a foreign country before exchanging any funds.
After all, they say, hashish is good before a fight.
They're not just straightforward pitches for a film, but are their own little programs on their own.'' Eric Bersch won five Emmys for editing news documentaries before he went on to make electronic press kits and half-hour making-of specials with his partner, Barry Simich.
Long before the end, though, Sequentia's string of exquisitely cultured sacred pearls begins to pall.
This fall, when the park's huge elk herds emerge from the high country, they will find unlimited forage, helping them put on weight before the long winter takes over.
In the vicinity of New York City, quite a few plants can be started from seed through July and August and still have enough time to reach usable size or maturity before the cold weather nips them.
The plant's white flowers are superb for fresh bouquets and dried arrangements, too, provided they are picked before the seeds ripen.
Some guys are like iron deer on the lawn.'' In spite of the harmonious convergence of Norton and Plummer on the 49ers' defense, there is one issue these roommates have to resolve before camp ends.
``You have to practice kissing before you do it,'' she said.
Humphrey was working as a welder before starting graduate school.
``In fact, my fears were so great that I was actually distancing myself from the project.'' But when friends warned that he was undermining the role before he had even begun, Stamp realized that it was the challenge of the role that intimidated him.
With a televised speech to parliament Tuesday night that enabled the tycoon-politician to capitalize on his skills before the camera, Berlusconi overcame rifts in his coalition prompted both by worries over the conflict between his business and political interests and concerns about his increasingly touchy relationship with the investigating magistrates.
The speech came just days before parliament closes for the summer recess, so, many commentators said Wednesday, Berlusconi seemed to have put his troubles on hold at least until September.
At about 5 p.m. one recent Saturday, an hour before closing time at Farm and Garden Nursery in lower Manhattan's Tribeca, I looked around at the dozen or so empty planter boxes on my Brooklyn Heights roof and the half-bag of Metro Mix and realized I was running out.
He hugged one to his chest and got as far as the third floor before he collapsed, whispering something about his smoking habit.
	WHITEWATER-HEARINGS (Washington) -- Appearing before former colleagues in the Senate, Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen on Wednesday denied statements by two of his top aides that he was briefed about White House discussions over Whitewater, citing errors of judgment.
Examples: -- Haddad said that six months before the trucks were torched, an armed mob broke into a warehouse in northern Chihuahua state and dumped 5,500 gallons of Price's Creameries milk.
An official from the giant U.S. dairy products company of Borden, who asked not to be identified, said Mexican customs workers say the inspections are ``normal.'' But, the official added, ``we know there's a certain amount of pressure being put on the Mexican government by the milk producers to limit imports.'' Marvin Feldman, who distributes in Mexico for Borden, said Mexican officials have shortened his operating permits from 90 to nine days -- a time so short that he can't his normal large amounts of milk across the border before the permits expire.
Examples: -- Haddad said that six months before the trucks were torched, an armed mob broke into a warehouse in northern Chihuahua state and dumped 5,500 gallons of Price's Creameries milk.
An official from the giant U.S. dairy products company of Borden, who asked not to be identified, said Mexican customs workers say the inspections are ``normal.'' But, the official added, ``we know there's a certain amount of pressure being put on the Mexican government by the milk producers to limit imports.'' Marvin Feldman, who distributes in Mexico for Borden, said Mexican officials have shortened his operating permits from 90 to nine days -- a time so short that he can't his normal large amounts of milk across the border before the permits expire.
	With a televised speech to Parliament on Wednesday night that enabled the tycoon-politician to capitalize on his skills before the camera, Berlusconi overcame rifts within his coalition prompted both by worries over the conflict between his business and political interests and concerns at his increasingly touchy relationship with the investigating magistrates.
	The speech came just days before Parliament closes for the summer recess so, many commentators said Wednesday, Berlusconi seemed to have put his troubles on hold at least until September.
In fact, shortly before his own assassination -- by a shotgun blast in his suite in the casino -- King had renamed the place King's Playland.
As a policeman explains, ``it keeps the survivors from getting all emotional and trying to throw themselves on Uncle Bob or Aunt Sue, he couldn't count the times family members knocked the victim onto the floor before this new system was installed.'' And Dunne has hardly renounced his mordant outlook on the world.
Horrible things keep happening to people in ``Playland.'' When Broderick wants Lizzie's attention while driving on Sunset Boulevard with her, he tells her about how the Nazis during the occupation of France liked to guillotine people after lying them on their backs and taping their eyelids open so that the last thing they would see before dying would be the descending blade.
Words figured importantly even before Steiner went on.
On Sunday he decided to postpone the Met concert, too, but just before midnight he changed his mind, saying that his mother would want him to go on.
Instead, Cliburn put his baritone and his light drawl to use in a committed, often animated reading of the narration in Copland's ``Lincoln Portrait.'' And recognizing that listeners were probably more interested in his pianism than in his potential as a thespian, he played three substantial solo works before the intermission and two encores after the Tchaikovsky.
As the designated director of the Paris Opera -- he formally takes over next August -- Gall will inherit a quagmire that has bogged down administrators and cultural bureaucrats for most of this century, if not before.
Now 54, he worked in the ministries of Agriculture and Education before being assigned to the Ministry of Culture in 1969, specializing in opera.
NATIONAL NEWS IN BRIEF WASHINGTON (NYT)  (BC-NATIONAL-BRIEFS-NYT) Appearing before former colleagues in the Senate, Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen Wednesday denied statements by two of his top aides that he was briefed about White House discussions over Whitewater.
Altman and the department's general counsel, Jean Hanson, repeated their accounts before the House committee investigating Whitewater, Bentsen cited errors of judgment and offered them only modest support before the Senate banking committee.
``But we're confident that when the votes are taken, by then we'll have them.'' Magaziner's comments came a few hours before President Clinton's prime-time news conference, which he called to discuss health care, among other topics.
For one thing, President Clinton is loath to offend Congress before it blesses the GATT agreement.
Throw them on the slag heap of history before it's too late.
I don't think anybody can answer that.'' Curran, who treated the patient without compensation, said that John Cox expressed concern before the bus trip that his wife would die while he was gone.
Under California law, it is legal for licensed facilities to store low-level radioactive waste on-site, but before the closure of the South Carolina dump, most opted to ship the waste out of state.
He's a very liberal fellow.'' Just before the polls closed Tuesday night, all four Democrats held an unusual joint news conference to pledge support for whoever won.
I never saw that before.
A member of the centrist American Popular Revolutionary Alliance for almost all of his political career, Townsend had a seat in Peru's congress for a dozen years in the 1960s, '70s, and '80s, and went on to be a senator for several years before retiring from politics.
If the choice is Yubileiny, they want a chance to practice there before competing, said Matt Pensinger, spokesman for the U.S. skating federation.
CBS simply seems to be fascinated by shows set in Hawaii after the success of ``Hawaii Five-O'' and ``Magnum, P.I.'' But like the forgettable 1989 medical drama ``Island Son'' before it, ``One West Waikiki'' will quickly sink.
 (BC-LEAH-PERSONALS-SFCHRON) Jazz saxophonist 	Marsalis says he signed his five-year contract after being told he would have complete artistic freedom, but ``that was before the ratings went bad.
 (BC-LEAH-PERSONALS-SFCHRON) Jazz saxophonist 	Marsalis says he signed his five-year contract after being told he would have complete artistic freedom, but ``that was before the ratings went bad.
The Cliburns lived in McKinney, Texas, and Eldorado, Ark., before settling in Shreveport, La., in 1929.
Cliburn had insisted before the birth of Harvey Lavan Cliburn Jr. in July 1934.
But he opposes military intervention except as ``a last resort.'' Clinton's spokeswoman said that officials at the State Department and National Security Council would brief Richardson on Clinton administration policies before any return trip to the island nation and would debrief the six-term lawmaker upon his return.
He is a rosy sprite of a man at 5 feet 2 inches who tended horses on a farm in County Dublin before migrating to the United States 30 years ago.
The Smith-Helms measure probably will be weakened or removed when a conference committee meets to work out differences between the House and Senate versions of the education bill before it is sent back to both chambers for final approval, the sources said.
 (BC-OBIT-CLIBURN-2ndTake-TEX) Young Van had already begun playing the piano as a pre-schooler in his hometown of Shreveport before the family moved to Kilgore; he continued his lessons with his mother while growing up, refusing to study with anyone else.
``He's never lost before and he knows he won't keep losing here.
Transfer pizza to cutting board and let stand for 5 minutes before cutting.
Bentsen replied coldly, ``I don't agree when I didn't have the facts in the case.'' Later, Bentsen said he sympathized with Altman, telling senators, ``He was in a tough spot.'' Banking Committee Chairman Donald Riegle, D-Mich., admonished Bensen to send a message to his subordinates that they must give ``direct, full complete answers'' when they testify before Congress.
The relatively soft treatment of Bentsen stemmed partly from the fact that he is a former colleague who represented Texas for 22 years before becoming Treasury secretary in 1993.
When Riegle urged Bentsen to ensure that his aides be more forthcoming to Congress, the Treasury secretary answered, ``That certainly is my intention and my direction to anybody representing Treasury.'' (STORY CAN END HERE -- OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) A key issue before the committee is whether Hanson informed the White House of the RTC's Madison investigation at the direction of Altman.
Steiner, the Treasury Department's chief of staff, testified before the Senate Banking Committee on Tuesday, shed no light on anything, and promptly disappeared into the dregs of a news cycle dominated by the marathon bad hair day of the designated Whitewater fall guy, Roger Altman.
Yet Steiner's appearance, before a panel more bipartisan and less farcical than its House counterpart, marked the first time these hearings had left blood on the floor.
So often did he reiterate his hedge that his diary was not ``intended to be a precise narrative'' that he prefaced one replay by saying ``I'm sure you're getting tired of hearing it.'' Long before rabid Republican partisans like Alfonse D'Amato and Lauch Faircloth badgered Steiner for being overrehearsed and unable to ``reprogram'' himself to give direct answers, even a supportive Democrat, John Kerry, was gently chiding the young man for distancing himself from his ``very refreshing, very honest'' diary.
In the movie ``Beetlejuice.'' Remember when Alec Baldwin and Geena Davis used their ghostly powers to make Catherine O'Hara, Jeffrey Jones, Winona Ryder, Dick Cavett and the rest of the dinner party perform to Harry Belafonte's ``Day-O'' before they enlisted the aid of Michael Keaton's Beetlejuice character?
Bentsen replied coldly, ``I don't agree when I didn't have the facts in the case.'' Later, Bentsen said he sympathized with Altman, telling senators, ``He was in a tough spot.'' Banking Committee Chairman Donald Riegle, D-Mich., admonished Bensen to send a message to his subordinates that they must give ``direct, full complete answers'' when they testify before Congress.
The relatively soft treatment of Bentsen stemmed partly from the fact that he is a former colleague who represented Texas for 22 years before becoming Treasury secretary in 1993.
When Riegle urged Bentsen to ensure that his aides be more forthcoming to Congress, the Treasury secretary answered, ``That certainly is my intention and my direction to anybody representing Treasury.'' (STORY CAN END HERE -- OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) A key issue before the committee is whether Hanson informed the White House of the RTC's Madison investigation at the direction of Altman.
The Smith-Helms measure probably will be weakened or removed when a conference committee meets to work out differences between the House and Senate versions of the education bill before it is sent back to both chambers for final approval, the sources said.
Five days passed before they were turned over to the Clintons' lawyer, who arranged for their continued secrecy under subpoena.
``I initially applied a few years before I got in and was turned down,'' said experimental playwright Mac Wellman, whose recent off-Broadway productions have included ``The Hyacinth Macaw'' and his variant on ``Dracula.'' Had he not finally been accepted, he said, ``I don't think I would have survived as a writer.'' ``At the time I entered, I was extremely isolated in the theater community,'' he continued.
But I took the plunge.'' And her experience has been like that of those who went through the doors of New Dramatists before her.
One of the two judges, A.K. Sadek, asked Ms. Nasrin to remove the headscarf that she wore to court, apparently in deference to Muslim strictures requiring women to cover their heads, and nodded in apparent sympathy when the writer explained her delay in appearing before the court.
``Why didn't you surrender before, and why did you go underground?'' the judge asked Ms. Nasrin.
Western diplomats familiar with the negotiations between Ms. Nasrin's lawyers and the government said before her court appearance that the government appeared ready to allow Ms. Nasrin to use her time on bail to leave the country for a new refuge abroad -- possibly in Europe, where the 12 nations of the European Union have made a formal offer of asylum to the writer.
There, she met briefly with her mother and other members of her family before leaving again, still under police guard, for an undisclosed location.
``A lot more work needs to be done before we come up with an approach,'' Christopher Taylor, the board's chairman, said.
And we need to first come up with a standard format for what information should be provided and how it should be presented.'' The board's comments were contained in a letter to the SEC, which is soliciting opinions on the issue of municipal bond market disclosures before setting new rules this fall.
``The board believes that additional standardization will be necessary before any system for periodic disclosure can produce net benefits,'' the board said in its letter.
Escorted by three Israeli F-15s, the king's plane passed over Tel Aviv and circled Jerusalem at a low altitude, passing twice over Al Aksa Mosque and the gilded Dome of the Rock before heading out toward Jordan.
I hope, sir, that we meet before too long.
To the people of Israel and yourself, all our best wishes and our prayers for peace, shalom.'' After arriving in Amman, the king told reporters that seeing Jerusalem after so many years had been ``a very emotional experience.'' Jordan controlled East Jerusalem before it was captured by Israel in the 1967 Arab-Israeli war.
This year, Marino, who will be 34-years-old in September, is trying to do something he has never done, come back from an injury, an experience that taught him a lesson he had never had to learn before.
He had started 145 consecutive games before that day, an almost astonishing number for a quarterback in the NFL.
And the first three steps coming away from the center, I don't feel like I've got that burst I had before.'' Every day in the training room, Marino attaches one end of a thick stretch cord to his waist and the other end to a door.
``It's more likely that his other Achilles' tendon would rupture before this one did,'' said Indelicato, who added that Marino is 90 percent to 95 percent recovered.
``The thing you always wonder is, `Am I going to be able to be on the same level as before?' '' Marino said.
1, the due date, less than two days before a full bargaining session that was supposed to be dedicated to dealing with the big-money issue of a salary cap.
And less than 11 days before the strike date set by the players.
``We'll have to see.'' We'll also have to see if the two sides even talk in earnest before Aug.
`CIVIL WAR' CREATOR KEN BURNS STEPS TO THE PLATE WITH `BASEBALL' LOS ANGELES  (BC-KEN-BURNS-BASEBALL-KAN) You always feel jitters before a big game, said Buck O'Neil, a former star player and manager of the Kansas City Monarchs.
CIGARS ENJOY RESURGENCE AT SMOKING PARTIES  (BC-CIGAR-PARTIES-2TAKES WITH ART-KAN) ``This is a before-dinner cigar that lasts about 20 minutes,'' she advised.
One word of warning should be injected before men get too relaxed.
Connected to the old one by a skywalk, it is meant to fill Hiroshima's historical amnesia about the days before the bombing, describing in uncomfortable detail the city's role in the war effort.
And when the new museum opened in June, residents discovered a city from the time before the bombing that most of them never knew existed.
Wazir, who was known as Abu Jihad, directed raids and terrorist attacks on Israel, and, before his assassination, he guided a Palestinian uprising in the occupied territories from his headquarters in Tunis.
After they were married in 1962, she recalled, they spent their honeymoon in Jericho, before years abroad that took them to Kuwait, Algeria, Syria, Lebanon, and Tunis.
Like so many New York manufacturers before and after him, Volchik was convinced that he would save hundreds of thousands of dollars by locating elsewhere and avoiding all the hassles of doing business in the city.
I don't think anyone in here wants an asterisk beside this season.'' This game with the wacky, wet finish might have an asterisk beside it because the Brewers claimed they would consider protesting after the umpires waited for only a little more than an hour before calling the game.
On a gloomy day that did not seem fit for any sort of celebration anyway, both teams sleepwalked before the Yankees woke up and finished off a six-game season sweep in Milwaukee for the first time since 1971.
ElectroCom's earnings dropped to $5.2 million for the quarter on revenues of $81 million compared with earnings of $6.7 million on revenues of $98.6 million during the same time the year before.
``Like I said to the girls in the locker room before the game, size and athletics beats finesse anytime,'' said U.S. Coach Jim Iams.
Iams said the Americans began playing together as a team less than two weeks before the games.
Two hours before the figure skating competition was scheduled to begin Wednesday at the Yubileinyi Sports Palace, St. Petersburg Mayor Anatoli A.
Some 75,000 Algerians also have French citizenship dating from before independence.
Following the announcement, American Residential shares set a 52-week high in Nasdaq trading at $28, before ending at $27.75, up $2.875.
For example, several analysts have criticized First Industrial Realty Trust, which began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in June, because dozens of the properties included in the trust were not even owned beforehand by the company's controlling shareholder, the Shidler Group.
The First Industrial prospectus ``contains the most egregious financing gimmick of virtually any deal to come down the pike in the last few years,'' said Jon Fosheim, a principal at Green Street Advisors, a Newport Beach, Calif., firm that analyzes property stocks for institutional investors, in a memo to his clients a month before the stock began trading.
Merrill Lynch subsequently abandoned the accounting method before the stock came to market.
And they are rushing to form alliances with one another to expand into as many vital markets as possible before then.
Far better for the world as well as Rwanda to seek justice before an international tribunal under U.N. auspices.
Statehood supporters are eager to appear before the panel to argue for an end to Congressional control of the district.
Anything less than statehood, he said, ``is undemocratic and unfair.'' Most of those scheduled to testify before the panel, the Committee on Governmental Affairs, want Washington to become the 51st state, renamed New Columbia and with two senators and one House member.
Leonard Weiss, staff director of the committee, said that even before the House voted, Glenn wanted to schedule a hearing on the narrower issue of voter representation in Congress, which could be solved by statehood through Kennedy's bill or through another option.
``The argument before 1992 was that even if you passed legislation, a Repubican president would veto it,'' he said.
He also served as ombudsman for the FBI before being posted to Miami.
``I think it will take a few months of additional data before they move.'' 
ALTMAN IN THE CONGRESSIONAL HOT SEAT WASHINGTON  (BC-WHITEWATER-ASSESS-645-(2TAKES)-NYT) As deputy Treasury secretary and for many years before as a prominent and prosperous Wall Street investment banker, Roger C.
D'Amato, R-N.Y., had told him the night before the hearing that it would be asked.
By 9 o'clock, he was back in the Rayburn House Office Building for his hearing before the House Banking Committee.
Democratic aides and leaders blamed technical difficulties in getting legislation drafted and analyzed by the Congressional Budget Office before it can be sent to the House floor.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) At the same time, the time pressure is growing ever more intense as the weeks tick away before Election Day.
But it has been widely assumed that the bill must be voted on before the August recess if it is to make its way through a conference committee in time for final passage before Congress adjourns in October.
``But we're going to deal with this before we adjourn.'' Mitchell has alrady indicated that he intends to hold the Senate in session until it completes action on the health bill.
That season, like this one, the two sides were negotiating a collective bargaining agreement with a strike deadline looming, and the owners made the payment, five days before the players walked out.
22 before Federal District Judge Lawrence M.
Because Fed officials want more information to form a better judgment, no interest rate increase appears likely before the Aug.
Officials then broadly agreed that low interest rates were actively stimulating an already healthy economy, and that this stimulus should be removed before it began to feed inflation.
THAT'S ENTERTAINMENT! III: More song-and-dance treasures from the MGM vault, this time accompanied by outtakes, behind-the-scenes footage and never before seen production numbers.
In New York, it is now much harder than before to kill off a rival petition candidacy.
Candidates for statewide office can petition their way into a primary by collecting the signatures of 15,000 registered voters (before 1992 it was 20,000) in a defined period of 37 days, including at least 100 signatures from at least half the state's 31 congressional districts.
The New York law was laced with booby traps before 1992, and the courts were instructed to enforce them strictly -- things like listing the right number of signatures on the cover page, identifying assembly districts correctly, and making sure the pages were ``bound'' together, not paper-clipped.
Employers would have to check the registry before hiring people.
Richard Gephardt of Missouri before the recess that is scheduled to start Aug.
Assuming it passed the House, it would move next week to the Senate, where passage is expected, and to Clinton's desk before the planned Aug.
In a meeting with U.N. officials two days ago, leaders of the former Rwandan government insisted that the RPF government be disarmed and disbanded before they would consider leading their people home.
This investigation is a departure from the usual federal practice of waiting until a local prosecution is completed before deciding whether to bring federal charges.
But some federal prosecutors are pressing to go ahead before local authorities as a demonstration of the new federal law.
BENTSEN CONTRADICTS AIDES ON HIS ROLE IN WHITEWATER WASHINGTON  (BC-WHITEWATER-HEARINGS-875(2TAKES)-NYT) Returning to the Senate to defend his reputation, Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen on Wednesday contradicted the description of his role in Whitewater discussions that his two top aides repeated Wednesday before a panel on the other side of Capitol Hill.
Altman for nine hours the night before, Bentsen cited errors of judgment by Altman and the department's general counsel, Jean Hanson, and offered them only modest statements of support.
It wasn't until March 3d that I learned the extent of these meetings.'' But in testimony before the House Banking Committee, Altman and Ms. Hanson stuck by their early testimony, which contradicts Bentsen's about his knowledge of the meetings and his role in Altman's decision to remain involved in the case.
The Senate on Wednesday passed a non-binding resolution requiring congressional approval before an invasion.
Many senior State Department and intelligence officials, as well as William Swing, the U.S. ambassador to Port-au-Prince, do not believe the men will leave, but add that the administration must exhaust every possibility before an invasion.
Such a finding, a formal statement of the national security justification for a covert activity, is required before the Central Intelligence Agency can pay for it.
said Wednesday that its earnings for 1994 would probably decline 15 percent to 20 percent from the $3.21 a share the company earned before it took a restructuring charge in 1993.
When asked if he would talk to my phone supervisor, he yelled `Get real!' and hung up.'' Investigators estimate that Klaas was killed about a month before Chiuchiolo called the foundation.
If no agreement has been reached before the board meeting, planned for 10:30 a.m. on Thursday at the Wachtell Lipton offices in Manhattan, Diller is expected to ask the board to consider a stock buyback for as much as $1.2 billion in cash.
But he opposes military intervention except as ``a last resort.'' Clinton's spokeswoman said that officials at the State Department and National Security Council would brief Richardson on Clinton administration policies before any return trip to the island nation and would debrief the six-term lawmaker upon his return.
``But we're confident that when the votes are taken, by then we'll have them.'' Magaziner's comments came a few hours before President Clinton's prime-time news conference, in which the chief executive declined to say whether he favored one plan over the other: ``My goal is what it has always been.
Jan, who did not have health insurance, died Friday before her husband completed the trip that began in Fort Worth, Texas.
The Lake Shore Limited, carrying 320 passengers and 20 Amtrak crewmen from New York and Boston to Chicago, shimmied off its tracks and wrecked at 3:46 a.m. about five miles west of this town of 1,600, which is about 35 miles east of Buffalo and 30 miles southwest of Rochester, N.Y. The cars, which federal investigators said were moving at 74 miles an hour, ripped down a steel signal tower and plowed through power lines and trees before coming to rest on their sides at the bottom of a 25-foot rock embankment.
We're going to die.'' Federal investigators said there was evidence that a wheel assembly on one ofthe train's cars had jumped the track about three miles before the train derailed.
The assembly, known as a truck, was apparently dragged along the crossties and scraped against the rails long before the rest of the train left the tracks, officials said.
Lauber said that the crew of an idling freight train that saw the Lake Shore Limited pass just before the accident had reported seeing sparks flying from the wheels of one car.
He said the train crew radioed to controllers that there was a problem just minutes before the derailment, but it was unclear on Wednesday night whether the engineer of the Amtrak train received the message.
Several passengers said the train began to rock wildly about two minutes before the crash.
Another passenger, Matthew McLaren, of Elmira, N.Y., 21, a student at the State University in Buffalo, said he also felt the train whip from side to side before the cars left the track.
I was bouncing around like a Ping-Pong ball or something.'' Tom Michel, 40, a professor at Fordham University who was touring with his wife, Susanne, before taking a new job in Sweden, said the experience of the wreck had not dampened his enthusiasm for train travel.
As of May, there were 556,700 jobs in the retail sector in Los Angeles County, down 9,400 jobs from a year before.
Canada's fisheries department wants Canadian fishermen to catch as many salmon as possible before fish bound for the Fraser River swim across the border into waters near the San Juan Islands and Pt. Roberts where U.S. commercial fishermen catch them.
As the Clintons sat in folding chairs, five buses lined up behind them, three riders -- Daniel Lumley, a one-armed victim of a motorcycle accident from Seattle; a nurse from New Orleans, and John Cox, a newly widowed radio broadcaster from Athens, Texas -- stepped before cameras to declare that the present insurance system had robbed them of their savings and their good health.
For the first time, he said, health care measures are before both houses of Congress.
The present system, Clinton said, ``costs too much and covers too few.'' The president said he expected a close vote but noted that the legislation he originally proposed has been changed, ``much of it for the better.'' The measures before the House and Senate would provide more support for small businesses, more time to institute changes and less bureaucracy.
``If you don't like our approaches, in the Senate and the House, what is your alternative?'' The issues are complex, he said, but the important thing is ``to keep our eye on the central reality, which is `How do we solve the problem?''' Clinton emphasized that his health care plan would encourage more Americans to seek preventive health care treatment before they become ill.
``We have more business interests for it than ever before,'' he said.
Company spokesman Scott Hallman said Lockheed will re-evaluate staff needs before making decisions on whether to reduce employment at the laboratory.
``I do not countenance anybody being less than forthright with the Congress,'' Clinton said, but he added, ``The secretary of Treasury has confidence in him (Altman), and so do I.'' However, Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen, testifying before the Senate Banking Committee earlier on Wednesday, disputed his top aides' version of events surrounding the RTC probe.
Treasury General Counsel Jean Hanson, in testimony before the House on Wednesday and the Senate on Monday, said she made Bentsen aware last fall of either the criminal referral naming the Clintons or the Treasury contacts with the White House.
The proposals before Congress are less bureaucratic.
Mr. President, on health care there were indications on Capitol Hill today that time is now becoming an important factor, that there's a need to get legislative language, there's a need to get various budgetary estimates, and that it may be very difficult to get a vote before the end of this month.
And Josh Steiner, the Treasury chief of staff, says that you and the first lady were furious that Roger Altman told a New York Times editorial writer about this decision before you learned about it.
	NEW YORK -- Ruth Gruber, the author of 14 books, is also visiting a place she described in one of them, but in her case she has been there before.
The typical consumer must stay signed up to a network for at least a year before the service generates a profit from that user, Harris said.
5, 1993 -- one month after Polly is believed to have been murdered -- to report having seen the girl three days before in a parking lot.
After all, they say, hashish is good before a fight.
Alandone Ables, a spokesman for the Arkansas Department of Correction, said in an interview before Wednesday night's executions.
Prosecutors said that before the robbery, the men had discussed the need to commit a murder if they met resistance.
The appeals court then told Woods to rule on whether or not there were significant differences in Vicki Lehman's testimony before and after the hypnosis.
New York now has won seven of its last nine games and is just two games under .500 (52-54), a goal Manager Dallas Green hopes to reach before any players strike.
Agnew's analysis appears to have been based on limited amounts of information about the waste in the tank, and steps were taken to deal with the temperature problem before his letter was written.
``The questions now should shift to them: Are we going to cover all Americans or not?'' The president's appearance before reporters on Wednesday night was an unusually wide-ranging one, in part by White House design.
For the first time, he said, health care measures are before both houses of Congress.
The present system, Clinton said, ``costs too much and covers too few.'' The president said he expected a close vote but noted that the legislation he originally proposed has been changed, ``much of it for the better.'' The measures before the House and Senate would provide more support for small businesses, more time to institute changes and less bureaucracy.
``If you don't like our approaches, in the Senate and the House, what is your alternative?'' The issues are complex, he said, but the important thing is ``to keep our eye on the central reality, which is `How do we solve the problem?''' Clinton emphasized that his health care plan would encourage more Americans to seek preventive health care treatment before they become ill.
``We have more business interests for it than ever before,'' he said.
The cars, which federal investigators said were moving at 78 miles an hour, ripped down a steel signal tower and plowed through power lines and trees before coming to rest on their sides at the bottom of a 25-foot rock embankment.
Federal investigators said there was evidence that a wheel assembly on one train car had jumped off the track about three miles before the train derailed.
The assembly, known as a truck, was apparently dragged along the railroad ties and scraped against the rails long before the rest of the train left the tracks, officials said.
Lauber said the crew of an idle freight train that saw the Lake Shore Limited pass just before the accident had reported seeing sparks and gravel flying from the wheels of one of two mail cars behind the locomotives.
BENTSEN DENIES AIDES' ASSERTIONS OF BRIEFINGS ON WHITEWATER TALKS WASHINGTON  (BC-WHITEWATER-HEARINGS-1STLD-WRITETHRU-880&ADDS(2TAKES)-NYT) Returning to the Senate to defend his reputation, Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen on Wednesday contradicted the description of his role in Whitewater discussions that his two top aides repeated Wednesday before a panel on the other side of Capitol Hill.
Altman for nine hours the night before, that errors of judgment had been committed by Altman and the department's general counsel, Jean E.
In his appearance on Wednesday morning before his colleagues, Bentsen made it plain that he had no immediate plans to make any changes.
It wasn't until March 3d that I learned the extent of these meetings.'' But in testimony before the House Banking Committee, Altman and Ms. Hanson stuck by their earlier testimony, which contradicts Bentsen's about his knowledge of the meetings and his role in Altman's decision to remain involved in the case.
``We know nothing more than we knew yesterday or the day before.'' If the commissioners make their expected choices, the Cotton Bowl will be out of the alliance -- and the chance at hosting a national championship game -- for at least three years (through New Year's Day 1998).
I've seen it happen before and I've had it happen myself.'' Perranoski also said Worrell is pitching better as he regains strength following an early season injury.
The Padres scored twice in the ninth to break a tie game and stung the Dodgers with a 4-2 defeat before 43,270 fans.
Gwynn delivered his hit off the overworked Ismael Valdes (2-1), who had pitched three innings in a Dodgers 11-inning victory the night before.
Dodgers center fielder Brett Butler, who represents the players in labor issues, conducted a 40-minute meeting before Wednesday night's game.
It was the Giants' worst-pitched game of the year and last year and the year before.
But he's very disciplined.'' As Mitchell walked off the field before the start of the next half-inning, many of the 32,282 fans stood and gave him an ovation worthy of a hometown star.
``We were out of the game before we knew it.'' This one-sided loss and the three-game sweep by the Reds tends to dim what the Giants have done over the past month, a resuscitation from last place to the heels of first place.
The Giants need to turn it around in a hurry or they may be out of the race in the National League West before they know it.
Craig, who had three 1,000-yard rushing seasons and still holds several 49ers and NFL records, played one season for the Raiders and two for the Vikings before agreeing to ``come home,'' according to DeBartolo, to sign a contract and then retire the next day.
Since I had never had a massage before, I had lots of questions.
But he recommends that people get a diagnosis from a physician before using massage for medical purposes.
A proper diagnosis is needed before the start of any type of treatment including therapy, acupuncture and medicine.'' Well, I can say that my quest for the perfect massage ended on a good note.
If you don't recognize the name, perhaps the description will sound familiar: You write a check one or two days before payday knowing your account doesn't have enough money to cover the check.
But you count on making the deposit before the check finds its way home to your bank.
He said he met Casolaro to give him evidence of corruption at Hughes Aircraft before that firm fired him.
But he claims he delivered two packages, signed and sealed by Casolaro, to the reporter the day before he died.
Weeks passed before Virginia prosecutors dropped the charges and released him.
That question is harder to answer today than it was a couple of years ago, before all the sticky details got in the way.
The judge dismissed other claims by ruling the artists had allowed the statute of limitations to expire before filing them.
The city's unemployment fell from 10.9 percent in 1986 to 6.2 percent in 1991, before being pushed up by the recession to 9.5 percent in 1992.
He even taught some of his art to Dave Justice before the Atlanta Braves outfielder signed his new contract last year.
I was a really terrible doctor.'' That's what Michael Crichton, kazillionaire author of Jurassic Park who created the fall NBC drama ER, said when asked why he quit medicine before finishing an internship.
``My father had this great curiosity about other cultures, so we visited these places before they were widely discovered.'' Clark put the stories of those and later years in his book, ``The Owl of Monument Canyon,'' which is illustrated with old photos and with drawings by his wife, Mica.
To start your pet on a casino-style training program, here are a few simple ``house'' rules: -- Start asking Fido to do at least two repetitions of a behavior before you give praise or treats.
Around 1977, he said, he left for Los Angeles, where he worked for about two weeks in a picture-frame factory before moving north to Mt. Shasta, Calif.
It was not immediately clear how much the Los Angeles Police Department knew of the man's checkered past before The Examiner's story Wednesday.
After all, they say, hashish is good before a fight.
Petaluma police and FBI agents sifted through nearly 9,000 tips over a two-month period before arresting ex-convict Richard Allen Davis on Nov.
Coca-Cola used customer data bases and distributed tons of name-embossed merchandise before the turn of the century.
It's a joke around the house that before I finish one meal, I'm already worrying about the next.
The health commissioner made the comments before addressing a session of the Second Bi-national Rabies Conference here.
of Washington, D.C., found that Feinstein leads Huffington by 9 points, up slightly from the 5-point lead she held just before the June primary.
Analysts say Feinstein needs 50 percent support in the polls before she can relax.
The statewide survey also found Huffington was no longer a mystery candidate -- 87 percent have now heard of him, compared with 29 percent in January and 72 percent just before the primary.
With all this glitzy, groovy software luring new buyers into stores, PC expert David Coursey warns consumers to think before opening their checkbooks.
Tension is high in Mexico, especially since billionaire banker Alfredo Harp Helu was nabbed by unknown kidnappers March 14 and held for 106 days before being released 72 hours after his family reportedly paid a $30 million ransom.
Tension is high in Mexico, especially since billionaire banker Alfredo Harp Helu was nabbed by unknown kidnappers March 14 and held for 106 days before being released 72 hours after his family reportedly paid a $30 million ransom.
The bow-tied, tone-deaf balladeer is romancing Darla (Brittany Ashton Holmes), and right before the big go-cart race in which he's supposed to drive the He-Men's entry.
It's all stuff we've seen before on those endless ``Rascals'' reruns.
Esquivel, one of pop music's most notorious avant-garde composers, was alternative before the term was invented.
He began writing ``Barcelona'' before that, but knew he had a lot of technical skills to master before tackling the more ambitious cross-cultural romance.
Even though it was a year before Stillman was ready to shoot the main action, he picked up lots of gorgeous inserts and backgrounds -- for free -- just by driving around with a cameraman.
Youth surfaced in the late '70s as a member of Killing Joke, a thrash-industrial group that made nine monolithic doom-and-gloom albums before returning to oblivion in 1982.
``We get criticized for focusing on the more melancholy aspects of life, but we always thought it necessary to make people aware of what was going on at a real level before they could possibly hope to turn it around,'' said Youth, who is in his mid-30s.
The setting, in this case, is the small town of Witless Bay, Newfoundland; the time, the years before World War I.
When characters in this film debate the virtues of ``the classics,'' they're talking about rock-and-roll before John Lennon died.
Not long before ``The Rehearsal's'' 1950 premiere, much of France had been cooperating with the Nazis.
They include Nixon's former Chief of Staff H.R. Haldeman (his last interview before his death last year), domestic policy adviser John Ehrlichman, Nixon's counsel John Dean and familiar names like Jeb Magruder, G.
One is a collection of audio tape excerpts never before broadcast that implicate Nixon and his staff plotting through the CIA to conceal Watergate evidence from the FBI.
They include Nixon's former Chief of Staff H.R. Haldeman (his last interview before his death last year), domestic policy adviser John Ehrlichman, Nixon's counsel John Dean and familiar names like Jeb Magruder, G.
One is a collection of audio tape excerpts never before broadcast that implicate Nixon and his staff plotting through the CIA to conceal Watergate evidence from the FBI.
The other thing that bugs me is that, unless you're paying with a check, you're going to have to go to the restaurant with a moneybelt full of bills of varying denominations because otherwise everybody starts throwing 20s on the table and, before you know it, everyone's screaming at everyone else and they're all saying ``I NEED $6.76 CENTS FROM SOMEBODY!!!'' Pop quiz: Where might you find many bills of varying denominations in a restaurant?
inundated with technical data, some scientists claim it takes less time to do an experiment than to find out whether it has been done before.'' Here are some statistics about info-overload: -- More new information has been produced in the last 30 years than in the previous 5,000.
Cuccio had worked with Teicher and the school before, having donated gift certificates for Oxnard's outstanding teacher program.
Some of the youths had never been to Sherman Oaks before and were reveling in the motorists honking their horns and the passers-by shaking their hands, Teicher said.
But then Gere is not exactly in his element either as a self-effacing fellow with a sense of humor who, before making love to the columnist on his yacht, tells her he's not very good at that sort of thing.
After going to a funeral, Japanese throw salt on their doorstep before re-entering their houses to purify themselves and take away the taint of death.
``Death has been isolated from real life,'' said Ei. ``Religion and medicine have become totally split, unlike before when young people growing up would see older people dying in the house.'' Buddhism used to be a help: Ei pointed out that in representations of the death of Buddha, he is surrounded by animals and disciples who are all smiling, without sadness.
After going to a funeral, Japanese throw salt on their doorstep before re-entering their houses to purify themselves and take away the taint of death.
``Death has been isolated from real life,'' said Ei. ``Religion and medicine have become totally split, unlike before when young people growing up would see older people dying in the house.'' Buddhism used to be a help: Ei pointed out that in representations of the death of Buddha, he is surrounded by animals and disciples who are all smiling, without sadness.
	PENTAGON-CONGRESS (Washington) -- Perry and Shalikashvili testify on Haiti and Rwanda before House military subcommittee.
He soon moved into journalism to edit the provincial newspaper Il Resto del Carlino in Bologna in 1955 before taking over at Corriere della Sera 13 years later.
He held a variety of government jobs -- including the ministries of Italy's cultural heritage and public education -- before he became head of the Republican Party in 1979.
Tickets are $12.50 if purchased before Sept.
Altman was condemned by his congressional inquisitors for altered testimony, half-truths and lapses of memory -- problems familiar to others called before congressional panels.
Without getting indulgent, the drummers Mickey Hart and Bill Kreutzmann expanded on the African and Asian influences in their polyrhythmic playing, before ceding to the atmospheric portion of the jam.
Concert security was excessive, and videotaped safety tips by Lesh, recorded at the prompting of the stadium, were repeatedly screened before the show.
This is mostly a drama about a television executive (Craig Chester) who is still deep in grief over the AIDS-related death of his lover the year before.
``They've been practicing twice a day and played a lot of games before coming here,'' she said.
Knut Holmann of Norway took first place, adding to his gold in the 500 meters the day before.
	The teenager's lawyer, Humberto Guizar, and two members of the Los Angeles district attorney's office appeared before a grand jury this morning.
``I may be the first woman president of the ABA, but I'm not going to be the last,'' Ramo said in an interview here before departing for the convention in New Orleans.
``But when I explained how expensive it would be if she didn't, she elected dual citizenship.'' Nadel wrote a will that stipulated a Q-dot would be created if he died before she became a citizen.
``If it is $800,000, the surviving spouse might decide to pay tax on the additional $200,000 above the exemption level, take the rest and return to his or her country.'' Even if the couple has not set up a Q-dot when the citizen spouse dies, the surviving spouse can do so before the estate tax return is filed.
If I have to even think about football before Labor Day, or maybe Thanksgiving, I shall go absolutely mad.
And long before last January's knee-whacking nationals in Detroit, Calla and Rocky broke up, each blaming the other.
``If we don't solve it today, we'll be asking ourselves 10 years from now why we didn't act sooner.'' Kerrey and other lawmakers say they fear the health care bill now before Congress will only increase the government's red ink -- by as much as $80 billion over 10 years, according to the independent Congressional Budget Office.
Raoul Cedras say he has no plans to leave his post before January and insist that army leaders are far more united than the Clinton administration has portrayed them.
``If we don't solve it today, we'll be asking ourselves 10 years from now why we didn't act sooner.'' Kerrey and other lawmakers say they fear the health care bill now before Congress will only increase the government's red ink -- by as much as $80 billion over 10 years, according to the independent Congressional Budget Office.
He was involved in the NAACP before and after it was hip.
``I may be the first woman president of the ABA, but I'm not going to be the last,'' Ramo said in an interview here before departing for the convention in New Orleans.
Jack Ryan, acting head of the Resolution Trust Corp.: Said he found Treasury discussions of the Madison Guaranty case with the White House ``surprising'' and ``highly unusual.'' William Roelle, former chief financial officer of the RTC: Testified that the RTC had never before notified White House officials of a planned criminal referral because of fears of press leak.
Here's what's ahead for the congressional investigation: The Senate Banking Committee will issue its findings in a written report before the end of the year on this first phase of Whitewater.
Consolidated Edison struggled for 17 years to build a pumped storage plant along the Hudson River, at Storm King Mountain in Cornwall, N.Y., before bowing to public and government resistance in 1980.
The outcome of the closely fought race for Kansas attorney general wasn't clear until a few hours before dawn Wednesday.
``We were absolutely pummeled.'' In reply, Stovall accused Winter's allies of distributing a highly negative circular about her just a couple of days before the election.
``Always before,'' he told me, as we were sitting together over coffee, ``you could find ideas about which you agreed.
The resilience of the American culture has been underestimated more than once before.
``It was just a weird race, throw it out and forget it,'' Gurfein said about the Beacon Course, captured by White His sire, Valley Victory, who has five other sons in the race, was the overwhelming favorite to capture the Hambletonian in 1989 until he developed a strange virus the week before the race and never competed.
The poll was released less than a week before the election.
``I've never heard of a candidate who decided to stay home instead of getting out to work the weekend before an election,'' Malcolm said.
But only the president himself could actually do the deed and only in one way -- by tearing up the promises he had made before and after the presidential campaign, including his own executive order.
China, sensing the sponginess of the president's commitment to human rights before many of us who voted for him, did not give him an inch.
Witness after witness at the hearings before the Committee on Governmental Affairs, most of whom supported statehood, spoke against alternatives like allowing the city's 600,000 residents to vote in other states or returning the district to Maryland.
``I am driven to make the case for statehood more strongly now then ever before because it makes sense both politially and economically,'' said Mrs.
We know more today about solving problems than ever before in human history.
Most voting-age Mexicans know the story of the mysterious crash of the government's vote tallying computer, which showed Cardenas running ahead of Salinas before it crashed but behind afterwards.
Compare Iran-Contra: Five Reagan White House staff members refused to testify before the congressional inquiries until they were given immunity from prosecution, and the Justice Department sabotaged the special prosecutor by withholding evidence on ``national security'' grounds.
Or Iraqgate: The Bush administration covered up the record of its arms sales to Iraq before the Persian Gulf war.
Eizenstadt, 51, who also played a key role in the 1978 Camp David summit between Egypt and Israel, was the managing director of Powell and Goldstein, a Washington-based law firm, before assuming his post with the 12-nation European Union in Brussels.
An Israeli embassy spokesman here said Clinton's choice is ``basically an American decision,'' although it is diplomatic custom for the host nation to give informal agreement before the envoy is publicly announced.
They work hard and practice two times a day and have had a lot of games before they came here.
Most of them backed the governing National Democratic Party before his death.
``I screamed at the men and asked them to see my son one more time before he was buried, but they told me I could only read the Koran far away from his coffin,'' said Madani's 70-year-old mother, Nazra, her frail frame shaking.
Society has a very substantial interest in the finality of judgment of convictions.'' Without time limits on the introduction of new evidence, he said, ``people in prisons could litigate the criminal justice system half to death.'' Paul Gianelli, a law professor at Case Western Reserve University, said that to bring in new evidence, even within the time limits on when a case can be reopened, ``you have to show you couldn't have had it before and it's got to not just affect the verdict but you have to convince the judge that you would have been acquitted.
Several teams met before their games Wednesday night and concluded that they would strike Friday if the executive board wanted to move up the date.
He further said if the union was upset that players played the All-Star Game instead of striking then but still didn't receive the payment, why didn't the union ask for a commitment beforehand.
Similar threats have been made before, and in May 1993 the Belgrade government even claimed that it had cut off arms and fuel shipments to the Bosnian Serbs.
Though it has denied such links, the Belgrade government has been a major military backer of the Bosnian Serb rebels since before they started the war here in April 1992.
They note, with some justification, that the Federal Reserve was shepherding down interest rates well before the deficit package was ever passed by Congress.
Ms. Sweeney acknowledged some hard feelings, but said cable operators were angry about the regulatory changes that suddenly exposed them to retransmission fees even before fX arrived.
And while some operators gave credit to the network for trying something new, others said its attempts to appear casual -- for example, by showing hosts applying make-up before a show -- were self-conscious.
A campy election-night show she helped produce in 1980, which boasted in its previews that it would ``stay on the air until a president is elected,'' fizzled when Jimmy Carter conceded defeat an hour before air time.
Usually it takes several days before the results of national elections in Mexico are tallied and released.
Merrill Lynch stoked investor concern about auto stocks early, citing poor sales performance and higher interest rates before downgrading its rating recommendation on the Big Three.
Usually it takes several days before the results of national elections in Mexico are tallied and released.
They note, with some justification, that the Federal Reserve was shepherding down interest rates well before the deficit package was ever passed by Congress.
The night before, the two had followed their flight East by playing guitar into the wee hours in Allen's room at the Omni Biltmore in Providence.
And Tuesday, before heading East for the Lollapalooza stop, he spent six hours in deposition for a lawsuit he has brought in Seattle on behalf of Hendrix's father, Al, which contends that the Hendrix estate has been plundered by unethical business partners.
Allen said that what he is doing now with experiments like the Electric Carnival is all part of what he and Gates began thinking about as teen-agers in the early 1970s, long before they started Microsoft in 1975.
He paused, a stand-up comic's beat, before adding, ``We just got a little distracted starting this software company.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
``It'll give us a chance to pick Notre Dame, Penn State or Michigan,'' said Chuck Zatarain, the Sugar Bowl president, ``who have all played in our game before.'' CBS will air the Fiesta and Orange Bowls, both formerly on NBC.
Rather than growing naturally out of individual ideas and partnerships that incorporate themselves and then seek capital, Russia began by issuing paper shares in pre-existing companies before the creation of a class of owner-proprietors.
Mallen, a partner in Long & Levit of San Francisco and co-author of the book ``Legal Malpractice,'' said he had to read some 600 cases before writing the first edition, which was published in 1977.
``No, even before the first day he got here,'' said Gilbride.
The players knew even before I did.
He left Chicago as a teen-ager for his grandparents' farm in Mississippi, then returned to high school in Chicago before going to Nebraska.
In 1968, before the merger between the American Football League and the National Football League, the Jets became the first AFL club to defeat an NFL team.
Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen went before the House Banking Committee and repeated what he told the Senate Banking Committee on Wednesday: that he did not know until March about contacts that began last fall between Treasury Department and White House officials concerning investigations into the failure of Madison Guaranty Savings & Loan.
He also said that Altman was ``a very intelligent, hard-working man, and I believe in his integrity.'' The Senate committee took testimony from six White House officials who testified before the House committee last week: Ickes; Thomas F.
At one point just before lunch, Sen.
But Ickes testified in a sworn deposition he gave the Senate staff last month, and again to the committee Thursday, that Altman had also said that the investigation into whether a civil claim should be brought against Madison could not be completed before the deadline.
Encouraged by the prospect of $250-an-hour attorney's fees, Friedman spent most of last month churning out papers to defend the prisoners' rights in the lawsuit before Federal Judge Charles P.
``We are advocating that the two sides have discussions that will improve the political atmosphere.'' The Geneva talks will nonetheless provide the first clear indication whether the more flexible and open approach adopted by Kim shortly before his death is to be maintained by North Korea's new leadership, which is thought to be headed by Kim's son, Kim Jung-il.
He said he had wanted to make sure that it was safe before returning here to get his six children, 6 to 16 years old.
``More money has been spent on the issue than on any other issue of public policy perhaps in history.'' The new round of advertising will attempt to sell the public on provisions of the two plans before Congress and convince viewers that the original Clinton plan has been changed.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) While the DNC has aired spots on the health issue before, the ads have been limited to Washington, D.C., and markets that reach districts of specific members of Congress.
--Congressional approval of the North American Free Trade Agreement and the negotiation of a new global free trade pact now before Congress.
But before he can take on Gov.
A farm boy who walked two miles to school, he served as his high school's senior class president, won scholarships to Yale University and Columbia Law School and landed a job in a Wall Street firm before entering politics.
Goodhue, an assemblywoman at the time, would crush him, Pataki withdrew before the county Republican convention.
King, who served with Pataki in the Assembly before becoming Monroe County executive in 1992.
The victim claimed that the offending player should have been tossed from the game long before the punch was thrown.
But Democrats who have heard Greenberg present his findings said that the pollster said health care could emerge as a critical issue that could help the Democrats if a measure is passed before the election.
19, a delay that is likely to give nervous representatives time to see how the Senate votes before they have to stick out their own necks on the politically dangerous issue of requiring employers to insure their workers.
Many Democratic representatives are hoping the Senate preserves the concept, even as a last resort, before they vote on a House bill with stiffer requirements.
The Senate measure would not require them before 2002, if at all.
The members of Congress were nervously eyeing each other and worrying about details in bills, legislating from the unusual position of facing a fresh issue simultaneously instead of one house waiting for the other to finish before starting.
He said there were deep gouge marks on the rail bed beginning about three miles before the crash site, strong evidence that at least one wheel assembly -- in this instance, two axles and four wheels, and known in railroading as a truck -- jumped the tracks.
A freight train crew reported seeing sparks flying from under a mail car just before the crash.
``Real good people who treat you right,'' said Sullivan, who was joining Springer for an after-work round of drinks, shortly before 5 a.m., inside the Chelsea Pub, a half-block from the boardwalk and the bright lights of Atlantic City's 12 casino towers, which employ 50,000 workers.
Both health care bills now before Congress would do just that: The Senate bill would substantially reduce the total number of residents, mandate that a majority of remaining residency slots go to primary-care doctors, and create a national council that would oversee residency programs in the year 2001.
Raske, president of the hospital association, who called the provisions ``superfluous to reform.'' ``Basically we have through the weekend, before the House bill is introduced early next week, to get this changed,'' he said.
CONGRESS House leaders said debate on one of the two principal health care bills before Congress would be delayed until the week of Aug.
While the report clears all of those above Jett, the chief government bond trader, of knowledge of what was going on, it sharply chastises Kidder as an institution for monumental failures in oversight and systems that kept it from catching on long before it did.
But no one was optimistic that the season would last beyond next Thursday, the last ql0609,0013day of baseball before the scheduled Aug.
We feel there's an opportunity to get a deal done, maybe before the 12th.
Not only are the Mott Haven and Highbridge neighborhoods around the stadium not tourist attractions, but such basic tasks as repaving the Cross Bronx and Major Deegan Expressways and designing other ways to get fans to and from the stadium must be accomplished before any other amenities can be added to the neighborhood.
Altman, meanwhile, continued to be battered by the Senate and House banking committees even as his boss, Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen, sought to bolster his aide's standing before members who have accused him of misleading Congress.
Bentsen appeared before the House Banking Committee, while White House staff members appeared before the Senate Banking Committee.
``In my view, no pressure was applied, and Mr. Altman is a very sophisticated person who has served in Washington before.
Former White House Counsel Bernard Nussbaum was expected to testify late Thursday night before the Senate panel.
Nussbaum previously testified before the House that no pressure was applied to Altman.
25, following a routine appearance before the Senate Banking Committee in which he failed to tell of contacts between White House and Treasury Department officials over Madison or of his consideration of recusal.
Congress extended the statute of limitations in the Madison case for two more years before a decision was made by RTC.
Spokesman Paul Rakov said Richmond, Va.-based Circuit City has competed with Best Buy before in other cities.
Adlerberg of state Supreme Court in Manhattan whether Ms. Simmons could be released from jail before her sentencing on Aug.
Barely 20 years old -- he made his first major league start a week before his 20th birthday -- Saberhagen moved into Brett's house, ate his food, drove his cars and relied on him for advice.
but before heralding sports newscasters' `equal opportunity sexism' as a great leap forward for women, we should consider that the increase in the humorous sexualization of men, and the continued humorous sexualization of women, takes place in a context where the quantity of coverage of women's sports .
Gordon, executive director of the Campaign Finance Board, said the new rules would provide a systematic flow of filing information, which the board could process throughout the four-year election cycle rather than in a single barrage in the spring before an election.
He said there were deep gouge marks on the rail bed beginning about three miles before the crash site, strong evidence that at least one wheel assembly -- in this instance, two axles and four wheels, and known in railroading as a truck -- jumped the tracks.
A freight train crew reported seeing sparks flying from under a mail car just before the crash.
The message arrived just 30 seconds before the wreck.
Lauber said that the Amtrak engineer, whose name has not been released, asked the Conrail engineer to repeat the message twice, but that the wreck happened before he could decipher what Conrail was trying to tell him.
Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen went before the House Banking Committee and repeated what he told the Senate Banking Committee on Wednesday: that he did not know until March about contacts that began last fall between Treasury Department and White House officials concerning investigations into the failure of Madison Guaranty Savings & Loan.
He also said that Altman was ``a very intelligent, hard-working man, and I believe in his integrity.'' The Senate committee took testimony from six White House officials who testified before the House committee last week: Ickes; Thomas F.
Nussbaum, the former White House counsel, began testifying at 10:20 p.m. Nussbaum testified about the same matters before the House committee for a full day last week.
At one point just before lunch, Sen.
But Ickes testified in a sworn deposition he gave the Senate staff last month, and again to the committee Thursday, that Altman had also said that the investigation into whether a civil claim should be brought against Madison could not be completed before the deadline.
``I like it and I feel like they're my family here,'' Grimes said in April before she moved from the Hanna household.
Three-inch tees could be used before.
Then Butler briefed teammates in a meeting one hour before the first pitch.
And as long as we're unified, we're going to prevail.'' Manager Tom Lasorda said he also met with Butler before the game, appreciating his position but trying to ensure his leadoff hitter wasn't stretching himself too thin.
We got some pretty sharp guys in both leagues.'' Asked if he held much optimism of a resolution before Friday, Webster said, ``I hold some.
But you've got to be real aggressive with the steering wheel and the gas pedal.'' Mast and Earnhardt, the No.2 qualifier at 171.726 mph in his Chevrolet Lumina, were locked into the front row before a crowd estimated at 100,000.
But they will be forced on to the agenda before long.
But they will be forced on to the agenda before long.
The games before Aug.
Hrbek, who officially announced his retirement today at the end of the season after 14 seasons with the Twins, received a rousing standing ovation before he batted against Abbott.
In Bosnia, the UNHCR's most difficult job before Rwanda, she upset other U.N. people -- and, at one point, the British -- by insisting that her agency was in charge.
Her father, a diplomat, allowed young Sadako to go to university in America and make her own choices long before such practices were common in Japan.
In Bosnia, the UNHCR's most difficult job before Rwanda, she upset other U.N. people -- and, at one point, the British -- by insisting that her agency was in charge.
Her father, a diplomat, allowed young Sadako to go to university in America and make her own choices long before such practices were common in Japan.
``The difference between Dream Team I and us was that they were able to get up on teams and put them away,'' said Miller, after Spain fought back, closing to within 12 before it was over.
It was barely three hours before the first pitch that it was even certain the game would be played.
That just seems a little below the belt to me.'' Brett Butler, the Dodgers' de facto players union representative (the team has not formally elected a replacement since Eric Davis was traded to Detroit last year), spent an hour of his morning on the conference call chaired by union director Donald Fehr, then briefed teammates in a players-only meeting an hour before the game.
They have six games left on their schedule before next Friday's strike date -- three in Colorado and three in Cincinnati -- and begin the road trip leading second-place San Francisco by 2{ games and the third-place Rockies by 4{ games.
It's always interesting to play somebody you haven't played before.'' In the featured evening match, self-described ``late-night kind of person'' Andre Agassi had little trouble with 20-year-old Canadian Greg Rusedski 6-3, 6-2.
Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen went before the House Banking Committee and repeated what he told the Senate Banking Committee on Wednesday: that he did not know until March about contacts that began last fall between Treasury Department and White House officials concerning investigations into the failure of Madison Guaranty Savings & Loan.
He also said that Altman was ``a very intelligent, hard-working man, and I believe in his integrity.'' The Senate committee took testimony from six White House officials who testified before the House committee last week: Ickes; Thomas F.
Nussbaum testified about the same matters before the House committee for a full day last week.
At one point just before lunch, Sen.
But Ickes testified in a sworn deposition he gave the Senate staff last month, and again to the committee Thursday, that Altman had also said that the investigation into whether a civil claim should be brought against Madison could not be completed before the deadline.
``It's not even that funny,'' said Gogan, a Cowboy for seven years before accepting a free-agent deal to become a Raiders starter at guard.
After going to a funeral, Japanese throw salt on their doorstep before re-entering their houses to purify themselves and take away the taint of death.
``Death has been isolated from real life,'' said Ei. ``Religion and medicine have become totally split, unlike before when young people growing up would see older people dying in the house.'' Buddhism used to be a help: Ei pointed out that in representations of the death of Buddha, he is surrounded by animals and disciples who are all smiling, without sadness.
After going to a funeral, Japanese throw salt on their doorstep before re-entering their houses to purify themselves and take away the taint of death.
``Death has been isolated from real life,'' said Ei. ``Religion and medicine have become totally split, unlike before when young people growing up would see older people dying in the house.'' Buddhism used to be a help: Ei pointed out that in representations of the death of Buddha, he is surrounded by animals and disciples who are all smiling, without sadness.
After the Texas series, they have four more games before August 12, the day the players may go on strike.
Today is behind us.'' Thursday's game before a crowd of 26,886 at Kauffman Stadium brought the A's more mixed news.
Parents are urged to learn more about the film before taking children.
He makes you wonder why no one's ever put them together in a movie before.
One was cheese-broccoli, which I've had before but never get enough of it.
``There are still some details that have to be worked out, but it's pretty much all taken care of.'' Goldfein, a former attorney for the IRS, said that Nelson still has ``to make a certain small payment'' before the federal tax agency releases liens placed on Nelson's property in the next several months.
But before she tries to bag a man, Leap has to mow her lawn.
Parents are urged to learn more about the film before taking children.
He makes you wonder why no one's ever put them together in a movie before.
One was cheese-broccoli, which I've had before but never get enough of it.
``There are still some details that have to be worked out, but it's pretty much all taken care of.'' Goldfein, a former attorney for the IRS, said that Nelson still has ``to make a certain small payment'' before the federal tax agency releases liens placed on Nelson's property in the next several months.
But before she tries to bag a man, Leap has to mow her lawn.
``I have never before heard a hall go quiet for a speaker other than an acceptance speech by a nominee.
Accolades have been poured upon Jordan, even before she began making her public mark as the first African-American woman in the Texas Senate.
At 13 of its Bay Area stores, customers will now be required to post a small deposit before using a cart.
Beard returned to the States and talked her up to fashion editors and the Wilhelmina modeling agency for months before persuading Iman to come to New York.
He talked her up so much -- she was alternately a shepherdess and a princess -- that she was a star before she stepped off the plane.
``We knocked on the door of the (bankruptcy court) trustee and said, `Let us run it.' ``We didn't know anything about it, we'd never brewed beer before,'' he adds.
But unless the technical and political obstacles are overcome before the season opener on Sept.
We've gone as far as we can, as fast as we can,'' he said, adding that there is no guarantee the feds will act before the season opener against Pittsburgh.
But unless the technical and political obstacles are overcome before the season opener on Sept.
We've gone as far as we can, as fast as we can,'' he said, adding that there is no guarantee the feds will act before the season opener against Pittsburgh.
Illustrating the powerful bond between the two, Van Cliburn recounted the concert experience before friends, relatives and admirers during Thursday night's visitation at Thompson's Harveson & Cole Funeral Home in Fort Worth.
And the night before the interview, Karis enjoyed watching herself co-star with Farrah Fawcett and Lea Thompson in ``The Substitute Wife,'' an NBC made-for-TV movie.
He's done TV and radio commercials, music videos, now ``Little Rascals.'' ``Oh, before he was with the agency, people used to stop me on the street when they saw him and say he should do commercials and things, but I'm from Louisiana, I didn't know the market for kids that's out there.
We have only 20 legislative days left before we adjourn.
A: It'll be a long time before we have another opportunity to get a comprehensive health care bill.
``Dennis Cravens, who beforehand was never good enough a scientist to get a job but at a junior college, had created this effect that requires the total rewriting of what we know about nuclear physics, or that he has simply found another way to botch an experiment?'' But Cravens said big labs failed because staffs dashed off immediately after the first cold fusion announcement by Fleischmann and Pons on March 23, 1989, to carry out experiments ``based on rumor'' because the two scientists disclosed few practical details.
``So I waited four years with my thermometer, figuring out what it is to make it, how to make it work again and again, before I opened my mouth.'' By consulting a variety of experts, Cravens learned the electric current had to be pulsated to force deuterium, a heavy isotope of hydrogen, out of heavy water and into palladium, he said.
Now there are only two years left before Hallan Cemi, a village that flourished around 8000 B.C., goes under water.
``It can never happen, but if it does, it is a whole life.''   The army has warned Rosenberg's team, which has been staying in Batman, about 45 minutes away, not to arrive at Hallan Cemi before 7 a.m. and to leave by midafternoon.
Twenty years after Nixon's resignation, this British-made series leaves viewers with a question that was relevant before Watergate and will remain so after Whitewater: Do the president's men in any administration owe their loyalty primarily to the presidency or to a sitting president or to their own careers?
Yet, even before it begins, there is a struggle over Woodstock 94's meaning with a capital M, which is taking place in on-line conferences, news reports and even marketing campaigns.
``This stuff gets covered and defined and has so many spins put on it before it ever happens, it's lost its reason to be.'' In other words, the meaning with a capital M at Woodstock '94 may turn out to be lower case after all.
Billy is 16 when the book begins and well into his 20s before it's over, so he crosses into manhood as well.
But Billy's native New Mexico, and the old one just across the border, can't have been very hospitable places for nonconforming women (or men) at the time ``The Crossing'' takes place, just before World War II.
The secret, apparel experts say, is doing your homework before doing your back-to-school shopping.
The haircutting is at least as old as Alexander the Great, who ordered his soldiers' hair cut short before he set off to conquer the world.
``I think when we were really the most excited about it was last year and the year before,'' she said.
Rwanda, one of the most densely populated countries in the world, was hard pressed to tend to the health and medical needs of its nearly eight million people before the war.
Olinto said that the boys had arrived the day before and that the most severely wounded of them had a gaping wound to the back of his head that had exposed his skull.
Jack Ryan, acting head of the Resolution Trust Corp.: Said he found Treasury discussions of the Madison Guaranty case with the White House ``surprising'' and ``highly unusual.'' William Roelle, former chief financial officer of the RTC: Testified that the RTC had never before notified White House officials of a planned criminal referral because of fears of press leak.
Here's what's ahead for the congressional investigation: The Senate Banking Committee will issue its findings in a written report before the end of the year on this first phase of Whitewater.
Gallucci, who held just one day of talks here with Kang on July 8 before the session was suspended by Kim's death, said it was too early to gauge whether North Korea's position had changed.
Another problem: The ethics office noted that ``severe constraints'' were placed on the investigation so it could be completed before Bentsen's appearance on Capitol Hill.
He opened his appearance before the House banking committee with the silly claim that he was not appearing as ``a special pleader'' for the president.
The night before, he picked out a car from Jay Wolfe Honda.
Others that had conducted business in Kuwait before the war have resumed those business relations.
``There are checkpoints.'' At the parking lots -- which will open on Thursday, 24 hours before the festival begins -- concertgoers will be searched by security guards for items that might pose a danger to the performers or other attendees.
But, Milosevic has made similar pledges before; Secretary of State Warren Christopher said Serbia would be judged on its deeds, not its words.
In emotional testimony before the Senate Committee on Veterans Affairs Friday, Gulf War, Vietnam and World War II veterans and families told their stories of reproductive nightmares that have come true since being exposed to pesticides, radioactive elements and unknown chemical combinations while serving in the armed forces.
Stephen Miller of San Antonio, Texas, told the committee about undocumented injections, naseau-inducing tablets and insect repellant with pesticides that were given to him before being sent to Saudi Arabia.
If he doesn't and his competitor does, the fight may be over before it really gets started.
``Parallel computing has the potential to create a business segment that didn't exist before,'' said Irving Wladawsky-Berger, the executive who heads the International Business Machines Corp.'s new effort.
If successful, the Tiger software will sharply reduce the cost of computers needed to run the video servers that will deliver movies-on-demand to American households before long.
Despite critics' claims that the plan was ``a recipe for disaster'' and razor-thin approval by the House and Senate, Clinton said the struggle to win passage proved that ``if you actually address a problem you get results.'' Vice President Al Gore, speaking at the Rose Garden ceremony before rain forced officials into the Old Executive Office Building, relished the irony that some of the lawmakers who ``scoffed'' at Clinton's economic plan last year ``are eating their words today.'' Gore added: ``It's real interesting to note that the very same people who are making a huge meal of those words on the economic plan are right now making the same doomsayer predictions about the health care plan.
An anti-abortion leader, on the other hand, argued that images of fetuses, aborted or in gestation, were ``very powerful tools for motivating people'' that might seem ``inflammatory, but only because it's the truth.'' But employing the coat hanger as a symbol, the leader said, is a ``deliberate fabrication'' that inflates ``some illegal abortions before Roe'' into ``an epidemic of deaths.'' The rhetoric becomes artificially polarized, Hunter contends, to suit the the demands of political advertising, direct-mail fund raising, large-scale rallies and television sound bites.
Earlier in the day, before a sparse crowd that numbered in the teens, Surya Bonaly of France took the lead in the women's event after the technical program.
The Americans could not sustain an early lead and fell before Russia's withering missile-like assault.
``This team was thrown together a week before.'' By contrast, most of the Russian team members, said Coach Nikolai Karpol, came to his training camp in Yekaterinburg when they were 15.
Yet, it also shows him as a compassionate family man and intelligent, perceptive political strategist.'' The show was scheduled before Nixon died on April 22, and Quantrill doesn't see anything cruel or disrespectful in keeping it on the schedule.
And the Constitution says the governor must now stand up and sign or veto it.'' The suit is based on one phrase of the state Constitution: ``Every bill which shall have passed the Senate and Assembly shall before it becomes a law be presented to the governor.'' But whether that means the Legislature must send all approved bills to the governor is a question that lawmakers have debated for weeks.
PETERSBURG, Russia  (BC-GOODWILL-SKATE-SPI) In a near flawless performance before a clapping-in-unison partisan crowd, Russia's captivating Alexsey Urmanov won the Goodwill Games gold in men's figure skating Friday night.
``Both U.S. teams got hurt.'' In volleyball, favored Russia snuffed out America's hopes for a gold Friday night, hammering the U.S. spikers 15-8, 15-10, 15-4 before a packed house in Zimny Stadium.
That was just four days before the games opened.
16, when the Fed conducts its Federal Open Market Committee meeting, is the most likely time period.'' There is some question in the market as to whether the Fed might act before the meeting, but analysts say the policy makers will be tempted to wait because they will be getting a great deal more economic information in coming days.
As to how far the Fed might move, Fine said, ``At this juncture, a move of 50 basis points would seem proper to insure that the economy slows to its long-run noninflationary growth path, but with the housing and auto sectors showing signs of slowing, the Federal Open Market Committee may well choose to move a quarter of a percentage point now and thus have more time to analyze future data before acting further.'' Friday, the 30-year bond fell 1 14/32 to 84 28/32 , or about $14.37 for each $1,000 invested, to yield 7.54 percent.
Approval of a new labor contract before a strike would require a simple majority of owners; afterward, it would take three-fourths, or 21 of the 28 clubs.
The two sides, then, will spend the last few days before the players' deadline waiting to see if the other will budge on the primary issue, the owners' desire to gain cost certainty through a cap.
And the Somalia experience has persuaded at least some of his advisers how important it is to bring Congress and the electorate into line before committing American forces abroad.
``We have fewer fires than we had before, but the few that get away from us are bigger and more destructive,'' said Musser.
``We would have to get a very attractive offer before we'd consider it,'' Terry Baxter, a company spokesman, said.
While Hubbard's strategy does play well on some parts of Wall Street, investors would do well to gauge political sentiment in Kansas, California and Arizona before making their own bets.
-- Future thought: Will CD-ROM eventually take off before many of the same features become available on-line through electronic superhighways?
-- Future thought: Will CD-ROM eventually take off before many of the same features become available on-line through electronic superhighways?
The EEOC's underlying principle, too, seems simple enough: Employers may not ask questions of job applicants that might lead to disclosure of a disability before an offer is made, on the theory that such disclosures would muddy hiring decisions with prejudices and stereotypes.
``The hiring process before the ADA was a muddle,'' said Peggy Mastroianni, director of the commission's ADA policy division in Washington.
The cheering began before Greece even took the court, just after intermission of Puerto Rico's game with Egypt.
Allowing Attorney General Reno to choose Fiske was the best action available last January before Congress revived the independent counsel law, which assigns the choice to the Washington court.
In the last weeks before the election, the Zedillo campaign has been promising roads, schools and health centers to rural voters.
	c.1994 N.Y. Times News Service 	Van Cliburn remarked at a wake for his mother on Thursday that he had had a ``mystical experience'' on stage half a continent away the day before she died.
``We can't have a situation in the future where anybody in the executive branch comes before this committee or any committee of the Congress and gives an evasive answer, an incomplete answer, a less-than-the-full-truth answer,'' Riegle said.
Rose said he gave the Serbs a one-hour warning before the air attack.
Trust corporation officials, testifying Friday before the House Banking Committee, repeated their assertions that their investigation of Madison had been handled properly.
Lewis, who worked in the criminal division of the Kansas City office of the Resolution Trust Corp., was scheduled to testify before the House Banking Committee.
Leno dictates most of his monologue into a tape the night before so it can be printed nearly verbatim on the cards the following morning.
``It takes five or six months before I send them out,'' said Schiff, 58, of Woodland Hills.
Cue-card handlers learn the tricks of the trade, such as using different-colored ink to designate more than one performer in a skit and putting an X on the front of the card before the last joke.
``On one of my trips to Vietnam, a bomb went off at the hotel where we were staying -- just staying 10 minutes before we arrived,'' Hope said in a 1990 article in Emmy magazine.
16 before raising rates again.
But central bankers have made clear this week that before taking action, they want answers to three basic questions: is output growing, do people have the money to buy that output, and will people actually spend the money if they have it?
But that would run counter to the central bank's pattern of avoiding rate changes in the few days before a meeting.
16 instead of holding an emergency telephone conference call before then.
Last spring, the economy proved it sometimes has a life of its own; before the Administration was able to present its ill-fated stimulus package to Congress, payrolls jumped in May.
While the market created quick fortunes for a handful of investors and hit record highs early last year, it wasn't long before it took a fall.
Rebels held San Cristobal, Ocosingo, Altamirano and Las Margaritas for up to two days before abandoning them to retreat to the jungle.
More than 140 people, mostly rebel soldiers, were killed before a ceasefire was declared by the government in early January.
It will take more than four months before the 30th sheds its tarnished reputation, if it ever does.
And where there is room for interpretation, all deals must be cut before the bill reaches the floor of Congress.
CONGRESS The author of the other bill before Congress, Rep.
Winners are required to keep their licenses for at least a year before trying to sell them.
BECOMING A GLOBAL NETWORK  (BC-AIRTOUCH-425&ADD-SFCHRON) That's the joke making the rounds at Pacific Bell, which Ginn headed before taking on a new job.
``He was very lost, his hands were shaking, it was terrible,'' said Alla Katsenko, a Russian woman who was called in to help translate for the Kitaevs at a city emergency housing office in the Bronx, where the father and daughter were staying two days before the suicide.
Two weeks before the Aug.
Long before the phrase took root in the national psyche, he had worked out his own form of universal coverage: pay what you can.
Edmonds first up: Rookie outfielder Jim Edmonds started the game as the leadoff hitter, a role he believes he's never filled before.
Hale said she had never had self-defense training before starting the academy in January, but practice paid off.
The Big 12 wanted the Cotton Bowl in the alliance instead of the Fiesta Bowl before yielding when it became apparent that other conferences felt differently.
It basically depends on how successful the surgery was in restoring the circulation to normal.'' Miller, who admits to years of sedentary life following his days as a collegiate wrestler at UCLA, said: ``Three years before the attack, my blood pressure was 190 over something.
Two hours later I get a call from her athletic director who wanted to know if she really needed to do that.'' As the clearinghouse works overtime to certify the incoming class, it soon must do the same for high school seniors before they make official recruiting visits in sports with early signing periods.
They want to see this museum finished before we die.
In improving to 17-3, he is one victory away from tying his career high set last season and he will get one more start before the strike date of Aug.
The 34-year-old outfielder, nursing strained cartilage in his right knee, is nevertheless hoping to be activated before the strike.
He stated his desire to relax a few weeks, without surfing, before traveling to France for coming events.
 (BC-BBA-ANGELS-LADN) Angels second baseman Damion Easley had never gotten a hit off Chicago starter Wilson Alvarez before Friday night's game at Anaheim Stadium.
Russ Springer earned his second save of the year but not before allowing the tying run to reach base in the ninth.
``I sometimes get players coming up to me right before the checks come out, asking for an advance to carry them over,'' Yarbrough told Baseball America.
``But with these two guys, I've finally got somebody I can go to for an advance.'' In a Baseball America poll of Texas League managers conducted before Dreifort was sent down, it was converted catcher Felix Rodriguez (4-7, 4.21 in 21 starts; 77 walks and 86 strikeouts in 109 innings) who was named as having the league's best fastball.
I think it's safe to say he's only going to get better.'' Mondesi dominated what could have been the elimination game for the third-place Rockies, who now trail NL West-leading Los Angeles by 5{ games with only five games left before the strike date.
He accomplished this even though he had never before taken so much as a set from Agassi, and even though Agassi's girlfriend, actress Brooke Shields, was holding her hands in prayerful fashion at her seat.
The guttural gagging sound heard on UCLA's main court sounded something like ``BRAASCH.'' The day before, three-time Wimbledon champ Becker struggled in the first set before beating little-known American Chuck Adams.
 (BC-BBA-NEW ANGELS-LADN) Angels second baseman Damion Easley never had a hit off Chicago starter Wilson Alvarez before Friday night's game at Anaheim Stadium.
Russ Springer earned his second save of the year but not before allowing the tying run to reach base in the ninth.
There's no getting around that.'' Portugal used to own this place before he became a Giant last fall.
Steve Young tried to put a happy face on the defeat, saying that it secretly would please the coaches because ``it gives George a chance to swear at us and get us going.'' ``I would say it was a big blah,'' said Young, who completed his first four passes before he started throwing to Simmons.
Drakeford, who figures to win a starting job at right cornerback before long and free Merton Hanks to return to free safety, then put the 49ers in position to tie the game when he intercepted quarterback Will Furrer's first pass.
``The issue,'' Gramm asserted shortly after the clock struck 1 o'clock Wednesday morning, ``is do we have a right to expect people who testify before our committee to answer our questions fully and honestly?'' By law, of course, the senators do have that right.
So when he is asked just before the election, the mayor denies knowledge of the report, lies about his intentions and proclaims his strong support for rent control.
Green, a lawyer who has often represented witnesses before congressional committees, ``you may have no practical option other than to spill the beans, especially when there's a special prosecutor and when you know, or ought to know, from the outset that your testimony is bound to be scrutinized, if not by the special prosecutor then certainly by the press.'' Sen.
Shortly before the final passage of Medicare, the American Medical Association was warning in full-page newspaper ads of ``long waiting lines at doctors' offices,'' of ``mountains of red tape'' and of ``delays of weeks and months for needed surgery.'' The association concluded, with all the urgency and solemnity at its command: ``Even at this late hour, we cannot -- in good faith to our patients -- stand silent as Congress prepares to start this nation on a dangerous adventure in government medicine, the end of which no one can see, and from which the patient is certain to be the ultimate sufferer.'' That was a trace more formal than the warnings of ``Harry and Louise,'' the current television spokescouple for the Health Insurance Association of America, but the thoughts are much the same.
How long is too long for a mother to repair her past mistakes before she is punished by forever losing her child?
(The year before, the Reagan administration in effect trampled all over the Monroe Doctrine as originally conceived, when it rooted for Britain rather than Argentina in the Falklands War.) Nor did George Bush cite the Monroe Doctrine in sending American troops to overthrow Panama's Manuel Antonio Noriega in 1989; he argued that threats to American servicemen stationed there was reason enough to go in.
But that still leaves the question of why Clinton feels a need for global approval before deciding whether to invade Haiti.
``Voodoo Lounge'' received widely mixed, often disparaging, reviews, and the concert set sags noticeably before blasting off in its last half-hour.
Kennedy's presidential appetite suddenly plunge in the dark gravity of Chappaquiddick; then, a day later, man walks like a feather on the moon, live before our eyes.
But before that there is much other overlooked life available for commemoration.
``So next, they stripped her of her identity and marked her as an outsider before giving her a new role.'' Naomi Wolf, the author of ``The Beauty Myth'' and a student of sexual stereotyping and styles, believes The Citadel decision deserves another look.
Two weeks before the election Fernandez -- running on a campaign promise for ``A Mexico Without Lies'' -- is considered the stronger challenger.
``Design,'' Zapata tentatively asked his teacher, who shook his head before setting him straight.
In '69, tickets were sold beforehand for $18, which included all three days.
And we finally did beat them to one side and got to the gate before them.
We got into a VW bus, six or seven of us, and we left like a day and a half beforehand.
Nixon,'' a one-woman show that takes place immediately after the events in ``Secret Honor.'' Former first lady Pat Nixon walks into her husband's study just as he leaves, wanting to ask him about something that's been published in Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein's book ``The Final Days.'' She has a stroke, and as her life flashes before her eyes, she reviews many of her own hopes and disappointments.
The fans' tax dollars helped buy sports cars for millionaire athletes, but the fans knew that before this contract ran out.
What's the point in making a protest before the Thursday night deadline?
And it won't be long before Mark Messier and Charles Oakley resume mucking it up in the corners.
``Anthony had never really worked out before he got here and he was just naturally strong with quick feet and a great feel for the game.
The Bengals afforded Wilkinson an honor that they didn't even extend to Munoz when he was selected: they signed Wilkinson before the start of training camp, giving him close to $15 million over six years, including a $5 million signing bonus about two weeks after the draft.
Federal investigators said a set of wheels, or truck, on a mail car immediately behind the train's locomotives apparently jumped the tracks about 3.1 miles before the rest of the train crashed, then bumped into a switch about 200 feet before the train derailed.
But Milosevic bluffed last year, and the year before, and the year before that, and doubt remains about just how serious he is about abandoning the Bosnian Serbs to their fate.
He opted out of the investigation in 1992 before Clinton was elected.
HUD Secretary Henry Cisneros said in an interview last week that he wanted to give the city leeway in making policing decisions, but he would insist that services not be cut, and he may seek a way to improve them before continuing to provide the money.
Nobody wants to talk.'' In June, the Palestinian security police in Gaza arrested a taxi driver, Farid Abu Jarboua, 28, on suspicion of collaborating with Israel before Israeli troops withdrew in May.
At a hearing before Slavin in 1988, Assistant District Attorney Michael Gore said, ``The two-page statement which is in Q & A form, which purports to be a recorded statement, is a false statement.'' Slavin, outraged, said, ``Who made this up if it is false?'' Gore replied: ``The district attorney's office made it up.
The controls have never been this tight before.'' A few miles from Mali Zvornik, drivers whiled away the hours drinking coffee and playing cards at a cafe.
``He has gone right to the moon with his sailing,'' said Georgiana Silk, a Long Island Sound sailor who, with her husband, Larry Liggett, has raced Thistles against Dellenbaugh before.
``We appreciate this assistance,'' Dien said, ``but the machines should have been repaired before delivery.'' Both stand idle.
How much time must pass before I am considered a survivor instead of terminally ill?'' To consign oneself to terminal status, he added, leaves little choice but to ``plan the funeral and wait to die.'' Strub, whose only outward sign of illness is his low weight, is not one to wait for anything.
In a series of maneuvers that surprised even close associates of Abiola, lawyers and labor leaders who were apparently acting at the behest of the military requested the opposition leader's release on bail before a federal judge in Abuja, the federal capital, on Friday.
``Even if they release Chief Abiola unconditionally, discussions must begin for a smooth transition to actualize his presidency before we call off our strike,'' said Frank Kokori, general secretary of Nupeng, an oil workers union that has joined the strike.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) For many, this country's deepening crisis has disturbing parallels to the period before the outbreak of a violent three-year civil war in 1967 over the attempted secession of the southeastern region of Biafra.
Perhaps the idea stemmed from a comment by Mike Mussina, an economics major at Stanford before he became an Orioles pitcher.
Angelos's commission certainly could finish its work before the end of next season.
The Environmental Protection Agency is investigating whether he may be liable for environmental damage at a bankrupt gold mine in Summitville, Colo., that was developed by Galactic Resources Ltd., which he promoted and for many years controlled before it collapsed in late 1992.
With five games left before the strike, to reach .400 by Friday, he would have to have to get 12 hits in 20 at-bats if he batted 4 times a game and 14 in 25 if he batted 5 times a game.
With only one start left before the strike date, he would be assured -- if the season doesn't resume -- of a winning record for the first time since 1985, breaking an eight-year string of nonwinning seasons.
They entered this season with 11 consecutive winning seasons but entered the weekend with a 52-56 record and seven games remaining before a possible walkout.
With six games left, entering Saturday night's game, before the strike, the Mets had 53 victories -- in 107 games.
When the Americans meet at midcourt to address the fans before and after games, their waves are limp, apathetic, and when you witness a rare signing of a kid's autograph, you can't help noticing the player almost never looks at or talks to the kid.
Those were real Dream Teams, whose foundations were built before the cap took hold.
``We've been told the Legislative Counsel's Office will finish drafting (House Majority Leader Richard) Gephardt's bill before midnight Saturday, and turn immediately to drafting our bipartisan bill,'' Robert Myers, an aide to Bilirakis, said Saturday afternoon.
They have won 10 straight road games before Saturday night's contest with Minnesota and are 19-3 in the second half.
The strike will obviously strike at an inopportune time, but, like the 1981 team, they have at least covered themselves by clinching first in the American League East before the stoppage begins.
``I wasn't.'' Winfield, who went went 1 for 22 against the Dodgers, echoed Randolph in saying, ``We should have won it once we got there.'' The Yankees secured a playoff spot by winning 11 of their last 14 games, erasing a four-and-a-half-game deficit and going 34-22 before the strike hit on June 11.
Streinbrenner criticized the Yankees in the clubhouse before Rick Cerone, who was guilty of a base-running gaffe, offered a profanity-filled response and basically told the owner he had never played the game and didn't know what he was talking about.
Long before television (and televangelists), the nation had evangelists who gathered people in fields and ball parks to hear an unvarnished Gospel and a plea for conversion.
Wilson, a professor of public policy at the University of California at Los Angeles, who is a frequent lecturer, said he had never before encountered audiences so ``deeply disturbed'' by ``the inability of society and the criminal justice system to control young people,'' whether they be teen-age taggers or juvenile killers.
Those arguments, and others, will be made next week before the Assembly Ways and Means Committee, where, despite the bill's minimal cost, it has been directed by the Democratic leadership -- in hopes, some political observers say, that it will be killed before it reaches the floor.
``Weren't we better off before, when the football coach or the woodworking teacher took them out back and whacked them a few times?
``They're very tough issues, and they're addressing them with a seriousness they never did before,'' Christopher said at a news conference with Mubarak.
Even before Castro's threats, the number of Cuban refugees was on the rise.
Certainly he and his surrogates would not have dared promise in 1992 to provide the kind of government described before the Senate Banking Committee.
Like the rest of this country, the region was densely populated even before the influx.
And I don't remember why I missed the year before.
But I love that weekend, and I've been there before.'' But not as commissioner.
But in 1985, two years before it approached China for nuclear reactors and bought a Chinese CSS-2 medium-range missile system, he said, ``Saudi Arabia started to think seriously about starting its own nuclear weapons program.'' In his response to the request for comment, Jubir of the Saudi embassy in Washington pointed out that Saudi Arabia had openly offered to pay to rebuild Iraq's Osirak nuclear reactor after it was destroyed by Israeli warplanes in 1981.
Like President Carlos Salinas de Gortari before him, the presidential candidate of the long-governing Institutional Revolutionary Party, Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de Leon, has called the drug trade the most serious national security threat Mexico faces.
``This team has not won a gold before,'' she said.
They broke a few days before the competition, she said, forcing her to wear an old pair.
The corn crop has largely withered and died, which means farmers will have to wait until at least February before their stocks can be replenished.
Kitayeva said her son did not seem unduly depressed before he left for America, his second trip this year.
While brokers will not release confidential information given to them by the seller -- such as the amount the seller turned down in a previous offer or the amount the seller accepted before a deal fell through -- they say they do warn the buyer of certain problems.
A PUMPED GORDON LEAVES IRVAN FLAT IN BRICKYARD 400 INDIANAPOLIS  (BC-RAC-BRICKYARD-430&ADD-NYT) They didn't play ``Back Home Again in Indiana'' before the inaugural Brickyard 400 Saturday at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway.
The complexion of the race -- and of Earnhardt's Chevy -- changed before the first lap was finished.
``We tested here when it was really hot,'' Bodine said before the start, ``so I'm glad it's going to be sunny.'' Although it was probably cooler than Bodine would have liked, his only problem with rubber halfway through the race was with the sole of his right shoe.
If Bodine was upset about anything before the race, it was the slow sales at his personalized souvenir-merchandise stand across West 16th Street from the track's main gate.
Blackley said he had shut down his consulting business before he went back to the Agriculture Department, but investigators are now trying to determine whether he continued to do favors for clients once he became the second most powerful official in the Agriculture Department.
``We missed the opportunity before, because of the whirlwind of the confirmation process, to tip a hat and say we're proud of you.
American players are 0 for 3 so far in the majors, something that has never happened before.
He had a third-place finish and two ties for ninth in five appearances before he won the Doral-Ryder Open.
Greg Norman, Price, Els, even a slumping Nick Faldo all are being mentioned before any American players.
Valley Victory went into stud in 1989 after a viral infection a week before the Hambletonian denied him his shot in the race.
FINISH LINES Probing raced in the second elimination of the Hambletonian but was in effect a very late scratch because he was responsible for a recall and went off stride just before the start the second time around.
If he's doing this to scare kids he's wasting his time.'' Fava said investigators from his office consulted with the families of both victims before pressing the charges, but he would not say whether they had encouraged his decision.
And he received a paper that gave him a choice: pay a $150 fine and the matter would be closed, or appear before a judge.
Under current law, such income is taxed only if the policyholder cashes in before death.
``But he also throws it so hard, if I get a bad hop I might not have a face left.'' Piazza said he has been working with coach Joe Ferguson on handling throws to the plate, concentrating on not turning into the tag before he's got a handle on the throw.
``It's tough for him,'' said Kevin Gogan, a Cowboys guard for seven seasons before joining the Raiders as an unrestricted free agent in the off-season.
Switzer spent 16 seasons at Oklahoma, where his teams won three national championships before scandal drove him out after the 1988 season.
``But to say he has to step up is to say he didn't do it before, and I can't say that.
He's done it all the times that we've needed him to do it before.'' Harper said the key for Williams is gaining the trust of quarterback Troy Aikman.
``His vital signs are all within normal limits and this indicates that his recovery will be favorable,'' Marlin said, hours before Idol was released.
Winning is not less important, but it will be prioritized differently than before,'' Azinger said after shooting a 4-over 76 in Friday's opening round of the Buick Open, his first competitive round at a Tour event since the Skins Game last Nov.
Told the tumor was malignant, Azinger stole a quick peek at his children seated in the waiting room before returning his gaze to the doctor.
Reinsdorf went on to say that once a strike started, he would become a determined hawk, but he obviously had undermined the position of owners negotiator Richard Ravitch, who had been proclaiming -- unconvincingly -- that owners were more unified on this issue than ever before.
``We wouldn't have had this press conference,'' said Scovell, who answered the question before its completion.
The Cotton Bowl alliance committee even used that Scovell touch 11 days ago, the night before the Cotton Bowl's one-hour presentation to the conference commissioners.
The players have heard similar rhetoric before every work stoppage in the past 22 years, but each time the owners' solidarity cracked.
It happened in 1972, when the players went on strike for 13 days before gaining arbitration rights; in '73, when the owners locked players out of spring training in an attempt to eliminate arbitration but opened camp 17 days later; in '76, when the players won free-agency rights; in '80, when the players went on strike during spring training to maintain the status quo; in '81, when players held off owners' demands for a salary cap with a 50-day strike; in '85, when a one-day strike once again fought off the salary cap and increased the pension fund; and in '90, when a 32-day lockout ended with the owners agreeing to make more players eligible for arbitration.
There's a simple explanation for the union's success, said Houston-based agent Randy Hendricks, who explores baseball's labor conflicts in his new book, ``Inside the Strike Zone.'' The 700-plus major-league players were and are unified in a common cause, while the 28 owners (26 before '93) have been fragmented.
``His vital signs are all within normal limits and this indicates that his recovery will be favorable,'' Marlin said, hours before Idol was released.
``His vital signs are all within normal limits and this indicates that his recovery will be favorable,'' Marlin said, hours before Idol was released.
He acts like him, and even looks like him.'' Their hero went right toward the front out of the gate on Saturday before a crowd of 30,145, stalking the speedball Itaka for three-quarters of a mile.
Then Thunder Rumble took the lead just before turning for home and held it while the closers fought for second place.
But Tabasco Cat came back to win both the Preakness and Belmont Stakes while Holy Bull skipped both before winning the Metropolitan Mile and the Dwyer.
Alabama Fire Marshall John Robison said Saturday that it would be at least two days before investigators could enter the building.
She died in 1935, three decades before her husband.
Inducted by an elaborate ritual that included solemn vows and chanted oaths, swearing blood brotherhood to avenge wrongs to fellow members and to die before cooperating with the police, he made himself available to provide protection or revenge and to fight rival gangs, and by degrees joined Hip Sing's criminal activities and began his rise through the hierarchy, the book said.
``Louie and I had known each other before and we had just run into each other at Woodstock and we thought how amazing it was that we had found each other with the thousands of people there.'' Fantuzzi is a musician who now lives in the Los Angeles community of Topanga.
Harvey said that before going on his last concert to Denver, Van prayed as usual with his mother, but for the first time, Mrs.
The 6-year-old mare proved once again her fondness for this seaside layout with a neck victory over the 4-year-old filly Hollywood Wildcat in Saturday's $316,000, Grade I Ramona Handicap on the 1[-mile turf course before 21,836 fans.
``Up until the day before the closing, we weren't sure it was going to close,'' said Ms. Coleman of Weichert Realtors, in Westfield, N.J. Because the couple's driveway is off the subdivision's private road, on which they have an easement, she said, ``they couldn't buy the house until the final subdivision was approved'' and ``the developers had to put money in escrow to insure they'd finish the road.'' Ms. Van Heek and Sleat closed on the house two days before Christmas and since then have installed ``probably totally useless'' floor jacks in the basement ``just to make me feel better,'' Sleat said.
COLOMBIA'S NEW LEADER VOWS TO CRACK DOWN ON CALI CARTEL BOGOTA, Colombia  (BC-COLOMBIA-DRUGS-NYT) With Washington worried about Colombia's commitment to keep battling the export of cocaine, President-elect Ernesto Samper vowed Saturday to ``pressure the cartel leaders until they surrender or are captured.'' ``The way Gaviria fought against drug terrorism, my goal is to fight against drug corruption,'' Samper said in an interview a day before his inauguration for a four-year term.
The 6-year-old mare proved once again her fondness for this seaside layout with a head victory over the 4-year-old filly Hollywood Wildcat in Saturday's $316,000, Grade I Ramona Handicap on the 1[-mile turf course before 21,836 fans.
``It was like, `We paid our money, but I'm just going to wait and see before I yell for anybody.' It was at a low level for a long time.
I think a lot of fans who had never been to a stock-car race before didn't know what to expect.'' As one who has been to a few stock-car races, I knew what to expect.
He served big when he needed to.'' So Woodforde and Becker will battle for the title today at 4 p.m. They have never played before, except in exhibitions, and except for a practice set last weekend.
	Just before he kills himself, a lawyer reveals a 	deadly secret to an 11-year-old boy.
Members of the jury judging Simpson may require an explanation why Simpson would commit murder before convicting him of a charge that could lead to the death penalty, legal experts say.
The kids are right out here by the pool.' '' According to Zlomsowitch, Simpson sat near the bed and began telling them how he had watched the two of them having sex the night before on the couch in her living room.
`GENERATIONS OF WINTER': APPEALING NOVEL ABOUT THE STALIN ERA  (BC-AKSYONOV-BOOK-REVIEW-535&ADD-NYT) There are a few hurdles to overcome before you can get caught up in the powerful sweep of Vassily Aksyonov's ``Generations of Winter,'' a Tolstoyan historical novel that is a departure from the author's previous, less traditional fiction (``The Island of Crimea,'' ``Say Cheese,'' ``The Burn'') and traces the roller-coaster fortunes of one Russian family from 1925, the year of Stalin's ascent to power, to 1945, the end of World War II.
At the ceremony, he wonders what would happen if he ordered his bodyguards ``to wipe out this whole group.'' A moment later: ``A wave of genuine, unfeigned enthusiasm suddenly washed over him, having its origins in his total attachment to everything that at that moment embodied his country, even to this collection of faces, to them especially and particularly, a group that just a few minutes before he had imagined as the targets of his loyal machine gunners.'' At the end of this monumental story you learn that Nikita's brother, Kirill, is still alive in the gulag.
CAN FUND PROSPECTUSES BE WRITTEN IN ENGLISH  (BC-MONEY-PROSPECTUSES-ART-790&ADD-NYT) It is not exactly a secret that few investors read prospectuses before they buy shares of mutual funds.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Securities regulators would like to make disclosure more intelligible, she said, but before they can set requirements, ``we first need to say what is fair, complete disclosure.'' Regulators must also try to figure out what investors already know and what would help them, Ms. Smith said.
In subsequent discussion on Capitol Hill, the bill was folded into the broad Community Banking Act that has been making its way through Congress, because the original leasing language requirement was embedded in banking law well before auto leasing became such big business.
The Senate is expected to follow suit, and President Clinton is expected to sign the bill into law before the end of the month.
The players are set to walk out before Friday's games if the two sides don't work out a new collective bargaining agreement, and nothing has happened to suggest that either side has a new or different idea it will present to try to avert the strike.
Gordon began his rookie season, 1993, at what was (before the Brickyard 400) the unchallenged jewel of stock car racing: the Daytona 500.
 (BC-LEAH-PERSONALS-SFCHRON) At a wake a few days before, the funeral home played tapes of Van Cliburn performing, and Mrs.
 (BC-LEAH-PERSONALS-SFCHRON) At a wake a few days before, the funeral home played tapes of Van Cliburn performing, and Mrs.
Some boys spend the evening before they go there copying their phone numbers on dozens of slips of paper so they can hand them out to prospective girlfriends the next day.
Sinopoli, who had been considered a contender for the New York Philharmonic podium before Kurt Masur was appointed in 1990, is also the music director of the Dresden Staatskapelle.
She is seduced by her employer's son-in-law, becomes pregnant and gives up her child before she returns to Maine.
-- Tito Capobianco, the general director of the Pittsburgh Opera for the last decade and the director of several productions in the New York City Opera repertory, announced that he would leave his post in 1997, a year before his contract expires.
``At first,'' she said, ``I thought they were going to take me somewhere and kill me,'' as other journalists had been killed before in Somalia.
Apple's first foray into laptops also flopped before the PowerBook saved the day.
The commission will issue a final report next month, but Ms. Jordan previewed its recommendations before the Senate Judiciary Committee last week.
That was where he started to ride horses before graduating to small tracks like River Downs and soon to major tracks like Saratoga.
Boeing's longtime Asia sales chief, Michael Zimmerman, will relocate from Seattle to Beijing before the end of the year to become president of Boeing China Inc.
The company operated an office in Hong Kong for nearly 10 years before moving it to Beijing last year.
ZAPATISTA REBELS HOLD POLITICAL CONVENTION SAN CRISTOBAL DE LAS CASAS, Mexico  (BC-MEXICO-POLITICS-NYT) With just two weeks to go before elections that will shape the future of Mexico, thousands of people gathered here this past weekend at a political convention called by the Zapatista rebels who started an armed uprising on these same streets seven months ago.
Although the convention's resolutions will have no binding legal authority, they are expected to touch off debates that the government will probably not be able to ignore before the elections.
``What we are doing is constructing something that didn't exist in Mexico before -- public opinion that can't simply be ignored the way the government always did in the past,'' said Laura Bolanos of Mexico City, subdirector of the School of Human Rights -- 10th of December.
Graham underwent treatment Sunday afternoon, just before the Giants flew to Germany, and Reeves said he did not know whether Graham would lose playing time.
``It is easier to combat disease,'' said Kazima, 42, who was a prominent public health doctor in Rwanda, before his country collapsed into a frenzy of ethnic killing that led more than 2 million of its people to flee.
I think it will take time before the minds are normal.'' But when he does return to Rwanda with his three children, he will be taking along a new member of the family -- Eric, the Tutsi boy.
Starr was the Bush administration's top advocate before the Supreme Court.
For days before the shutdown, riding Sarajevo's tram had become like catching a lift on a metal shooting-gallery duck, as bullets from high-powered rifles tore into crowded cars while they lumbered through an open area near the city's main hotel, the Holiday Inn.
``I have never held a fly rod before,'' she said.
Several were novices; others had tried fly fishing before, briefly.
This implies that Foxwoods is making an operating profit of about $600 million a year before subtracting contributions of about $125 million to Connecticut.
On the other hand, ``it's only a matter of time,'' Zermatt says, before Rhode Island and Massachusetts must come to terms with local Indian tribes wishing to cash in on the gambling boom.
He has shown toughness before.
But many bumps will be negotiated before that happens.
Bruce Coslet sat on a forest-green metal bench facing the Bengals' practice field before a recent afternoon workout here at Wilmington College.
I'm living in the same house that I had before -- on the first hole at the Beckett Ridge Country Club.'' Dismissed seven months ago after four years as the Jets coach, Coslet has come back to Cincinnati as the Bengals' offensive coordinator -- the same job he held in 1989 before landing in New York.
And the same despicable radio station that clamored for Tutsi blood before the rebel victory continues its broadcasts from a mobile base.
``In my opinion,'' Kloor said before Sunday's ceremony, ``anybody could do this if they set their mind to it.
A hearing on that decision was held one afternoon last week at the department's Brooklyn office before Dooley, an administrative law judge.
Some fund managers who knowingly take such risks acknowledge that they are betting they can buy the stock of a company with such problems and quickly sell it at a profit, before the market recognizes the problems and the price collapses.
``For some of these funds,'' he said, ``you need something like this: `From time to time, we invest in situations where we believe that the price has been artificially and illegally manipulated, but we believe that because of our professional expertise, we will be able to exit from the market at a profit before the manipulation is exposed and the stock crashes.' '' (STORY CAN END HERE.
But even the fund company has acknowledged that MTC was decked out in a host of red flags long before the mutual funds discovered it in mid-1993.
Meanwhile, shares of MTC, which had traded at $10 to $12 last summer, and as high as $25 the summer before, closed on Friday at $3.9375, up 6.25 cents, in Nasdaq trading.
And he acknowledged that some damage resulted from his investments in companies whose public track records were festooned with red flags long before he bought the stocks, which have since collapsed under the weight of scandal.
Phil Gramm, R-Texas, said Republicans would divide up for study the Senate bill proposed by the majority leader, George Mitchell of Maine, before they started to try to amend the Democratic proposals.
The Crisis: Strife Simmers For Decades The Rwanda crisis has its roots in 1959, when about half a million refugees, largely from the minority Tutsi tribe, fled to escape the Hutu-led ``social revolution'' before independence in 1962.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Supporters of the policy of working inside countries like Afghanistan and Bosnia assert that it is an effective way of trying to deal with the problem of dislocated people closer to the source, before they become a full-scale international burden.
Two years ago, the fund paid $1.50 each for Cross Pacific shares; the stock fell to 57 cents before it vanished from the exchange in late 1992.
``My guess is zero.'' Woods' guess is based in part on auditors' inability to trace money that Cross Pacific lent to some mysterious Panamanian companies just before it collapsed.
Bob Wise, D-W.Va. Indeed, one week before the House takes up the health-care bill, the August angst could hardly be heavier for the Democrats, weighed down by every imaginable interest group, an ever more partisan Republican opposition, an ever more unpredictable Senate.
To lawyers at Kidder and GE, it was clear days before Jett was fired that the firm itself was in potentially serious trouble.
And, increasingly, the only way to avoid devastating penalties has been to readily admit responsibility at the top, to show that the firm's way of doing business is being overhauled and to take lots of bitter medicine, long before the regulators insist.
A clever crook could beat the best of systems or hoodwink the most alert managers, Carpenter used to say before he was forced out in June.
Lynch's report said Cerullo not only had no idea what his star bond trader was up to but also, when an assistant discovered a huge volume of odd-looking transactions, kept his suspicions to himself for several weeks before informing colleagues.
When Lynch's report was delivered to regulators, two days before it was made public but several weeks after he showed it to senior GE and Kidder officials, the Kidder's top three executives had already been swept out and a new GE team was on board.
By the end of 1993, several months before Jett was fired, the missing assets had mushroomed to nearly $200 million.
For days before the shutdown, the cars were like the metal ducks in a shooting gallery.
-- Temporarily unemployed workers would be eligible for up to six months of subsidies if they have been insured for six months before losing their jobs by not having most of their unemployment benefits counted as income.
CBS did a poll before the hearings to gauge viewer sentiment, and a network spokeswoman, Kim Okhtar, said it had decided that a story on the nightly newscast was enough.
And they sat, as they would before a coffin, in front of the fire-blackened and now roofless building that had once been Randolph County High School.
Tattered and grimy after days at sea and apparently desperate to escape, three of the men plunged 40 feet from the deck of the freighter into the sea shortly before 1 p.m. and began swimming for the distant city.
Shortly before 8 p.m., the six men, whose names were not released, were taken by van to a federal detention center in Manhattan.
Inside Pitch The Yankees play four more games before the strike date.
This tale of two pitchers coming off the disabled list just in time to wage a mid-summer duel was played out before 28,060 at Shea, where the Florida Marlins triumphed over the Mets, 2-0, Sunday in what may have been the last baseball game in Flushing for quite some time.
To finish above .500 before Friday's strike date, New York (53-56) would have to sweep four straight from Philadelphia.
Smith cited ``how much more confidence I have in my stuff.'' ``I'd throw my fastball down the chute for home runs before,'' he said after the game.
Nen allowed two base runners before getting David Segui to fly out to shallow left field to end the game Saturday, one in which the Mets never recovered offensively from the four runs Jason Jacome (4-3) gave up in the fifth inning.
On Sunday, Nen allowed a single by Bobby Bonilla up the middle before doing away with the suspense.
EX-BLACK PANTHER PENS A BOOK  (BC-PEOPLE-BRIEFS-NYT) Kathleen Neal Cleaver, the communications secretary for the Black Panthers before she was expelled with her former husband, Eldridge Cleaver, in 1971, has been working on her memoirs sporadically for more than a decade.
``I know every kid, but I've never seen this one,'' said Lincoln Sessons, a dean at Medgar Evers College, after watching Livingston make a steal at midcourt before throwing down a thunderous reverse jam.
But she added that Rawlins' voice was so muffled that operators were unable to understand his address, and that the call was disconnected before a trace could be completed.
In 1989, before German unification, Kramer started a fund to invest in East German real estate.
Hershiser (6-6) admitted he pondered that question while warming up Sunday, for what was his final scheduled start for the Dodgers before Friday's announced players strike date.
Jackson, now known as Eric Jackson-Knight, served 10 years of his 25-year-to-life sentence before he was ordered released.
The Dodgers have four scheduled games remaining before Friday, the Giants three.
``Hopefully it doesn't end on Friday,'' said first baseman Eric Karros, who homered and drove in three runs to lead the victory before 70,372 at Mile High Stadium.
``This year -- and this is dead true -- I was walking the night before the quarters with my girlfriend and my sister.
``Any determinations by us would be premature before we hear what the offers are.'' John Scovell, who has taken charge of the Cotton Bowl's future, said yesterday he hopes to take a short list of choices to the Cotton Bowl Athletic Association's committee, which is scheduled to meet Wednesday morning.
AIKMAN'S SCARY ACT IS MOST OF THE SHOW IRVING, Texas  (BC-FBN-WILKINS-COLUMN-TEX) About five hours before bedtime last night, Barry Switzer had his first bad dream of the season.
Another told of the time a man just released from prison threw himself at his feet, begging for mercy for an affront committed before he was incarcerated.
Casillas, a contributor to the Cowboys' consecutive Super Bowl titles before his controversial dealings with Kansas City (when he didn't report to the Chiefs, they dumped him and his $6 million contract), is now available to return to the Cowboys.
The 6-foot-5, 240-pound end's third-down sack just before halftime forced Los Angeles to settle for a field goal.
So next time you open your computer to add memory chips or a CD drive, touch the bare unpainted metal at the back of the case before unplugging the PC.
``We haven't found anybody who can say they've ever seen them before,'' she said.
Rude and Daphne were married for almost 50 years before she died of cancer six years ago.
The haircutting is at least as old as Alexander the Great, who ordered his soldiers' hair cut short before he set off to conquer the world.
An anti-abortion leader, on the other hand, argued that images of fetuses, aborted or in gestation, were ``very powerful tools for motivating people'' that might seem ``inflammatory, but only because it's the truth.'' But employing the coat hanger as a symbol, the leader said, is a ``deliberate fabrication'' that inflates ``some illegal abortions before Roe'' into ``an epidemic of deaths.'' The rhetoric becomes artificially polarized, Hunter contends, to suit the the demands of political advertising, direct-mail fund raising, large-scale rallies and television sound bites.
FOOTNOTE any tears will be shed before the film's (happy) conclusion.
6) Really late Wednesday - Slip perfected column based on brilliant idea past unsuspecting editors seconds before deadline.
2) See one last baseball game before the strike.
I drove the European Mondeo just before my Mystique test drive and found it nearly identical in appointments and overall shape, but the suspension was tuned to be more taut than the Mystique's, and the Mondeo's automatic transmission shifted more aggressively, as Europeans prefer.
Like Cadillac's top-line engine, the Ford V-6 is engineered to go 100,000 miles before requiring a tune- up.
I drove the European Mondeo just before my Mystique test drive and found it nearly identical in appointments and overall shape, but the suspension was tuned to be more taut than the Mystique's, and the Mondeo's automatic transmission shifted more aggressively, as Europeans prefer.
Like Cadillac's top-line engine, the Ford V-6 is engineered to go 100,000 miles before requiring a tune- up.
	Just before he kills himself, a lawyer reveals a 	deadly secret to an 11-year-old boy.
CAN FUND PROSPECTUSES BE WRITTEN IN ENGLISH  (BC-MONEY-PROSPECTUSES-ART-790&ADD-NYT) It is not exactly a secret that few investors read prospectuses before they buy shares of mutual funds.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Securities regulators would like to make disclosure more intelligible, she said, but before they can set requirements, ``we first need to say what is fair, complete disclosure.'' Regulators must also try to figure out what investors already know and what would help them, Ms. Smith said.
Monty is confident that the Canadians will seize Falaise quickly, and advance to Argentan well before Patton's GIs get there.
That team is the Braves, and that team may find itself, if nobody walks out before Friday, running second in the chase for the lowly wild card.
What's troubling isn't that the Braves are six games behind Montreal, for this club has surmounted larger deficits before.
(The year before, the Reagan administration in effect trampled all over the Monroe Doctrine as originally conceived, when it rooted for Britain rather than Argentina in the Falklands War.) Nor did George Bush cite the Monroe Doctrine in sending American troops to overthrow Panama's Manuel Antonio Noriega in 1989; he argued that threats to American servicemen stationed there was reason enough to go in.
But that still leaves the question of why Clinton feels a need for global approval before deciding whether to invade Haiti.
How long is too long for a mother to repair her past mistakes before she is punished by forever losing her child?
Shortly before the final passage of Medicare, the American Medical Association was warning in full-page newspaper ads of ``long waiting lines at doctors' offices,'' of ``mountains of red tape'' and of ``delays of weeks and months for needed surgery.'' The association concluded, with all the urgency and solemnity at its command: ``Even at this late hour, we cannot -- in good faith to our patients -- stand silent as Congress prepares to start this nation on a dangerous adventure in government medicine, the end of which no one can see, and from which the patient is certain to be the ultimate sufferer.'' That was a trace more formal than the warnings of ``Harry and Louise,'' the current television spokescouple for the Health Insurance Association of America, but the thoughts are much the same.
Two weeks before the election Fernandez -- running on a campaign promise for ``A Mexico Without Lies'' -- is considered the stronger challenger.
``The issue,'' Gramm asserted shortly after the clock struck 1 o'clock Wednesday morning, ``is do we have a right to expect people who testify before our committee to answer our questions fully and honestly?'' By law, of course, the senators do have that right.
So when he is asked just before the election, the mayor denies knowledge of the report, lies about his intentions and proclaims his strong support for rent control.
Green, a lawyer who has often represented witnesses before congressional committees, ``you may have no practical option other than to spill the beans, especially when there's a special prosecutor and when you know, or ought to know, from the outset that your testimony is bound to be scrutinized, if not by the special prosecutor then certainly by the press.'' Sen.
``Voodoo Lounge'' received widely mixed, often disparaging, reviews, and the concert set sags noticeably before blasting off in its last half-hour.
Kennedy's presidential appetite suddenly plunge in the dark gravity of Chappaquiddick; then, a day later, man walks like a feather on the moon, live before our eyes.
But before that there is much other overlooked life available for commemoration.
``So next, they stripped her of her identity and marked her as an outsider before giving her a new role.'' Naomi Wolf, the author of ``The Beauty Myth'' and a student of sexual stereotyping and styles, believes The Citadel decision deserves another look.
Federal investigators said a set of wheels, or truck, on a mail car immediately behind the train's locomotives apparently jumped the tracks about 3.1 miles before the rest of the train crashed, then bumped into a switch about 200 feet before the train derailed.
But Milosevic bluffed last year, and the year before, and the year before that, and doubt remains about just how serious he is about abandoning the Bosnian Serbs to their fate.
He opted out of the investigation in 1992 before Clinton was elected.
CBS did a poll before the hearings to gauge viewer sentiment, and a network spokeswoman, Kim Okhtar, said it had decided that a story on the nightly newscast was enough.
The Crisis: Strife Simmers For Decades The Rwanda crisis has its roots in 1959, when about half a million refugees, largely from the minority Tutsi tribe, fled to escape the Hutu-led ``social revolution'' before independence in 1962.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Supporters of the policy of working inside countries like Afghanistan and Bosnia assert that it is an effective way of trying to deal with the problem of dislocated people closer to the source, before they become a full-scale international burden.
Some boys spend the evening before they go there copying their phone numbers on dozens of slips of paper so they can hand them out to prospective girlfriends the next day.
For days before the shutdown, the cars were like the metal ducks in a shooting gallery.
Some fund managers who knowingly take such risks acknowledge that they are betting they can buy the stock of a company with such problems and quickly sell it at a profit, before the market recognizes the problems and the price collapses.
``For some of these funds,'' he said, ``you need something like this: `From time to time, we invest in situations where we believe that the price has been artificially and illegally manipulated, but we believe that because of our professional expertise, we will be able to exit from the market at a profit before the manipulation is exposed and the stock crashes.' '' (STORY CAN END HERE.
But even the fund company has acknowledged that MTC was decked out in a host of red flags long before the mutual funds discovered it in mid-1993.
Meanwhile, shares of MTC, which had traded at $10 to $12 last summer, and as high as $25 the summer before, closed on Friday at $3.9375, up 6.25 cents, in Nasdaq trading.
And he acknowledged that some damage resulted from his investments in companies whose public track records were festooned with red flags long before he bought the stocks, which have since collapsed under the weight of scandal.
Two years ago, the fund paid $1.50 each for Cross Pacific shares; the stock fell to 57 cents before it vanished from the exchange in late 1992.
``My guess is zero.'' Woods' guess is based in part on auditors' inability to trace money that Cross Pacific lent to some mysterious Panamanian companies just before it collapsed.
``I have never held a fly rod before,'' she said.
Several were novices; others had tried fly fishing before, briefly.
``I have never held a fly rod before,'' she said.
Several were novices; others had tried fly fishing before, briefly.
In 1989, before German unification, Kramer started a fund to invest in East German real estate.
This implies that Foxwoods is making an operating profit of about $600 million a year before subtracting contributions of about $125 million to Connecticut.
On the other hand, ``it's only a matter of time,'' Zermatt says, before Rhode Island and Massachusetts must come to terms with local Indian tribes wishing to cash in on the gambling boom.
This implies that Foxwoods is making an operating profit of about $600 million a year before subtracting contributions of about $125 million to Connecticut.
On the other hand, ``it's only a matter of time,'' Zermatt says, before Rhode Island and Massachusetts must come to terms with local Indian tribes wishing to cash in on the gambling boom.
For just as Wagnerian characters like Klingsor and Beckmesser wave red flags before current fighters against anti-Semitism, Elsa and Ortrud, the women of ``Lohengrin,'' are not calculated to win the hearts of feminists.
The fire, which closed Highway 193, covered 810 acres and was 40 percent contained just before dawn, said CDF spokeswoman Jamie Smith.
``This guy's great,'' my friend said between hearty guffaws, before realizing, finally, that ``this guy'' was dead serious.
That, of course, was before he got his picture on T-shirts by insulting real Americans who don't love Rush Limbaugh.
In a world where we long for lost role models, we find two right before our eyes.
``People would already have ballots in their hands before they came into the precinct,'' he said, describing what he saw in a small town in Tabasco state.
``People would already have ballots in their hands before they came into the precinct,'' he said, describing what he saw in a small town in Tabasco state.
Seeman be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
D-1371 IN THE MATTER OF DISBARMENT OF JOHN MARTIN McGRATH It having been reported to the Court that John Martin McGrath, of Merrillville, Indiana, has been disbarred from the practice of law by the Supreme Court of Indiana and this Court by order of March 7, 1994, having suspended the said John Martin McGrath from the practice of law in this Court and directed that a rule issue requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred; And it appearing that the said rule was duly issued; It is ordered that the said John Martin McGrath be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
D-1383 IN THE MATTER OF DISBARMENT OF RONALD HARVEY BUDMAN It having been reported to the Court that Ronald Harvey Budman, of San Antonio, Texas, has been disbarred from the practice of law by the Supreme Court of Texas and this Court by order of April 18, 1994, having suspended the said Ronald Harvey Budman from the practice of law in this Court and directed that a rule issue requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred; And it appearing that the said rule was duly issued and served upon the respondent and that the time to file a response has expired; It is ordered that the said Ronald Harvey Budman be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
D-1384 IN THE MATTER OF DISBARMENT OF WILLIAM EUGENE WELLS It having been reported to the Court that William Eugene Wells, of Houston, Texas, has been disbarred from the practice of law by the Supreme Court of Texas and this Court by order of April 18, 1994, having suspended the said William Eugene Wells from the practice of law in this Court and directed that a rule issue requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred; And it appearing that the said rule was duly issued; It is ordered that the said William Eugene Wells be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
Klein be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
Dubow be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
Comici be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
Farhat be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
Moringiello, of Brooklyn, New York, has resigned from the practice of law before the Appellate Division, Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial Department, and this Court by order of May 23, 1994, having suspended the said Lawrence D.
Moringiello be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
Cloutier be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
D-1398 IN THE MATTER OF DISBARMENT OF LELAND TRICKETT SLOAN It having been reported to the Court that Leland Trickett Sloan, of St. Albans, West Virginia, has been disbarred from the practice of law by the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia and this Court by order of June 6, 1994, having suspended the said Leland Trickett Sloan from the practice of law in this Court and directed that a rule issue requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred; And it appearing that the said rule was duly issued and served upon the respondent and that the time to file a response has expired; It is ordered that the said Leland Trickett Sloan be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
Griffin, of Los Angeles, California, having requested to resign as a member of the Bar of this Court, it is ordered that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
``Even the chamber doesn't know their location.'' Because Mexicans are notoriously skittish about being interviewed by strangers out of fear they are government representatives, voters departing polling sites will be asked to mark a questionnaire indicating their choices for president and senator before depositing the paper in a box.
``In the Philippines, it was goons at polling places, and in Russia it was that voters had never before had an option,'' he said.
But they will be forced on to the agenda before long.
But they will be forced on to the agenda before long.
In Bosnia, the UNHCR's most difficult job before Rwanda, she upset other U.N. people -- and, at one point, the British -- by insisting that her agency was in charge.
Her father, a diplomat, allowed young Sadako to go to university in America and make her own choices long before such practices were common in Japan.
In Bosnia, the UNHCR's most difficult job before Rwanda, she upset other U.N. people -- and, at one point, the British -- by insisting that her agency was in charge.
Her father, a diplomat, allowed young Sadako to go to university in America and make her own choices long before such practices were common in Japan.
But a friend told her she had to write down what she had just told him about what it had been like on Thanksgiving night in 1984 -- when she had cared for a brain-dead man for 24 hours before finally pulling the plug on his life-support machines, at his family's request.
Heron also has dreams of someday having her own radio show on health-care topics, and she has her writing, too, which has brought her great satisfaction, starting even before her first book was published in 1987.
(He changes before taking appointments.) PacTel CEO Phil Quigley, who recruited Dorman, calls him ``a battle-hardened competitor with an entrepreneurial spirit.'' But both executives have their work cut out for them.
You couldn't put our lawn clippings except the night before the trash.'' Now, with his back injury, Munson couldn't afford to leave Wonder Valley even if he wanted to.
During batting practice before Friday night's game at the Oakland Coliseum against the Texas Rangers, Henderson said, ``I don't want to play that ...
Cardiologists were enthusiastic about the results, but said that more work must be done before the method can be tried in human patients.
There is a long way to go before it becomes standard therapy.'' Dr. R.
Every drug you can give has side effects, and if somebody is taking pills in an attempt to treat something that is a quarter of an inch, it's a bit of overkill.'' Another alternative would be to deliver drugs precisely to the area where they are needed, but Dr. Gary Nabel said they would be washed away by the bloodstream before they had a chance to act.
``It's a one-time treatment for a one-time biologic response whose effects can be long lasting.'' But before it can be tried on human, Dr. Nabel said, several concerns have to be addressed.
The night before, I'd had a dream where Robert Shapiro was going to London.
``Even the chamber doesn't know their location.'' Because Mexicans are notoriously skittish about being interviewed by strangers out of fear they are government representatives, voters departing polling sites will be asked to mark a questionnaire indicating their choices for president and senator before depositing the paper in a box.
``In the Philippines, it was goons at polling places, and in Russia it was that voters had never before had an option,'' he said.
The owners' labor agreement with the players' union expired last December, although it had been reopened for reconsideration by the owners one year before that.
The owners' labor agreement with the players' union expired last December, although it had been reopened for reconsideration by the owners one year before that.
This is the field in which death and destruction were sowed.'' 	``We are sitting at this time and at this place, all of us, Israelis and Jordanians, before the future,'' Rabin said, ``to our right and to our left stand the new Israeli-Jordan border crossing terminals which sprang up over night.'' 	HEBRON, West Bank (NYT) -- An international observer force left Hebron Monday, three months after it was sent to this troubled town to help restore calm in the aftermath of a massacre of 29 Muslim worshipers by a Jewish settler.
The club, which has since been closed, was also the spot where former Cal basketball star Jason Kidd and friends had spent the evening before his alleged hit-and-run accident.
``There was a blind dip in the road before some railroad tracks,'' said Gillum, who sustained a fractured arm and was knocked unconscious.
Although there are no visible scars, doctors are uncertain about his future, and say it could be a year before they know if he can make a full recovery from the head injuries.
We're just going from the expressions.'' Two days before the accident, Tabitha spoke to Paul on the telephone.
But only a few days before that, forecasts that the economy was growing too fast also led the U.S. markets and the dollar to fall.'' He concludes that ``there is something wrong somewhere when opposing projections of how the U.S. economy is faring have similar impact on markets and the currency.'' 
But only a few days before that, forecasts that the economy was growing too fast also led the U.S. markets and the dollar to fall.'' He concludes that ``there is something wrong somewhere when opposing projections of how the U.S. economy is faring have similar impact on markets and the currency.'' 
I assure you if baseball wanted to sign the same agreement as before, the union would sign it in a minute.
I think there has to be some way for baseball owners to determine before February or March of each year what it will cost them to play.
I assure you if baseball wanted to sign the same agreement as before, the union would sign it in a minute.
I think there has to be some way for baseball owners to determine before February or March of each year what it will cost them to play.
He had 30 doubles the year before, 28 the year after, and was out of the game by 1934.
Basically, there is a need for cheerful styles in the stores in November, before spring clothes arrive and after fall stocks have been thinned.
Could the first lady, weary of pioneering an influential public role that no president's wife has ever before assumed, be falling apart?
Never before has a ship drilled into a deep, hot volcanic vent, and the prospect has put scientists in a state of high anticipation.
In concert, this battery of gear will measure the mound before, during and after the drilling, allowing detailed measurements of such things as the changing patterns of the flow of heat and water.
The cause was head injuries he suffered in a fall the day before, his family said.
He was headmaster of Friends' Central School in Philadelphia before joining the faculty of Germantown Friends in 1954 as head of the junior high school, retiring in 1975 to be a consultant and write.
I had a very full and active life before my daughter was born.'' In fact, she felt less guilty hiring a nanny than she would have taking her children to a day-care center.
But she resists, in part because she has worked for nosey bosses before and didn't like it much.
But examination of the Whitewater affair by the Senate and House banking committees has embarrassed Bentsen before his former congressional colleagues and left him the task of rebuilding the Treasury Department.
Democrats and Republicans on the panel were all ``troubled to one degree or another,'' said chairman Donald Riegle, D-Mich., about Altman's failure to be forthcoming in an appearance before the committee in February.
24 testimony before the Senate Banking Committee.
24 testimony before the Senate panel became a central focus of the hearings.
Bentsen himself gave inconsistent testimony, contradicting both Hanson and Altman, who said they briefed him before and after the White House meeting.
1 to Palm Sunday (a week before Easter).
Today, ``barbarians'' descend daily as water buses from the mainland begin disgorging tourists by the hundreds before 9 a.m. at the San Marco docks.
Then let the congressman take his chances before a jury.
This is the field in which death and destruction were sowed.'' ``We are sitting at this time and at this place, all of us, Israelis and Jordanians, before the future,'' he said.
The three men met briefly with reporters in the garden of the palace before joining the king for a tour of the Gulf of Aqaba in his yacht, Haya, piloted by the king.
Both tunnels connect to Warren's Shaft, the geologists said, and even before they were modified as a water system, they were probably wide enough for a person to pass through.
Without offering details, he said that he had suggested a ``proper way'' of handling the fuel that would ``certainly ease the concerns of the international community.'' North Korea has said that if the fuel, now being stored in a cooling pond, is not reprocessed or treated before the end of August, North Korea could be risking a nuclear accident.
``The international force helped reduce human rights violations by the army and attacks by the settlers, but they did not achieve their main goal, which was to restore life to what it was before the massacre,'' said Mayor Mustafa Natsheh, of Hebron.
Authorities said he cried ``Shoot me!'' before he was tackled and subdued.
	The debate -- scheduled to begin mid-afternooon Tuesday -- will bring the results of months of arduous committee work before the public over the next few weeks on the floor of the U.S. Senate.
``We're seeing things happen that have never happened before,'' said Tom Loyless, a scientist with the Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services.
Given that, federal and state officials try to head off such pests before they arrive.
``Gene Upshaw should consider giving some of that big bonus he got to those players who are putting their bodies on the line for $162,000 a year.'' Upshaw has said the players had a fair opportunity to voice any objections about the collective bargaining agreement during a series of information sessions the players association conducted before the pact was ratified by the players in 1992.
CARUSO RETURNS TO `NYPD BLUE' LOS ANGELES  (BC-TVCOLUMN-RICHMOND-LADN) ``NYPD Blue'' star David Caruso will return today to the acclaimed ABC cop drama but will film only a few episodes for the second season before departing in the wake of a salary dispute, sources said Monday.
Fehr characterized the owners' desire for a salary cap to superimposing ``market conditions the way they were in Eastern Europe before 1989.'' Lech Walesa wouldn't like a salary cap, either.
``Now I'm not scared before races,'' Adkins said by phone recently from Monte Carlo, the most recent stop on the Grand Prix circuit.
RESCUE BID FOR ROBOT IN VOLCANO  (BC-ROBOT-SCI-NYT) The Dante 2 robot, which successfully explored an Alaskan volcanic crater before an accidental fall stranded it, could be rescued by a helicopter if weather permits, project officials said Monday.
``Given that we've never seen anything like this before,'' Breiman said, ``we're hoping it's just an anomaly.'' When the Horizon went back to sea, the three whirlpools, all linked in one system, were shut down.
It's very corrosive to plumbing, and you do not want to do it routinely.'' The issue before his department, which is also being studied elsewhere, is to find ``a better way to know when there's a problem,'' he said, to learn to predict when the all-too-common Legionella will be transmitted to humans and make them ill.
(Will move in the ``f'' financial news file, the ``e'' entertainment news file and in the ``n'' California news file.) PACBELL-ADS (Los Angeles) -- Pacific Bell started running ads in major newspapers asking readers to call a toll free number in support of a bill before Congress that would allow regional Bells to compete in long distance service.
LipoMatrix was founded by Terry Knapp, who was the chief of plastic surgery at Stanford before moving to Switzerland to test the product in Europe.
We've seen this before, though perhaps not as many times as we've seen some episodes of ``NYPD Blue,'' which nearly set some kind of record for reruns in its first season.
It was eight years before he talked his way back on the show.
Starr, 48, is a former appeals judge who represented the Bush administration in arguments before the Supreme Court.
The issues will settle just one day before the meeting.
Since there is no approved spray for use in the United States, this results in spraying before arrival, while passengers are aboard.
Authorities said he cried, ``Shoot me!'' before he was tackled and subdued.
She said she ran several blocks for help, not realizing she had been stabbed in the side, before collapsing on the steps of a brownstone.
Candace Blasi, one of Koffee's owners, said 15 to 20 people were in the cafe when the attack occurred just before 10 p.m. One of the seven victims was an employee, Cristina Koning, 22.
``The worst period in my life was in Zaire, when I saw what I'd never seen before,'' he said -- ``roads full of bodies.'' To make the return journey easier, he left five of his children with relatives in Goma and walked a mile to the border with his wife and Victor, 18, and Samuel, 10.
What will remain with him, he says, is the knowledge of what happened to Rwanda's Tutsi in the weeks before the French arrived.
``Normal people can't live quietly anymore,'' he said, standing before the prizes for the best teams -- an array of high-technology weapons.
``What worries me is that things will get institutionalized before the best statistical methods are set up,'' he said.
``That's why research on child care often shows that kids benefit because compared to what they get at home, it is often more enriching.'' Indeed, researchers at the Johns Hopkins University, in a recent study of 867 children nationwide, found that when children from the poorest and least intellectually stimulating homes were placed in child care (particularly in child-care centers) before they were a year old, they performed better on math and reading tests than children who were not in day care.
But the Morgan analysis was done before a heat wave settled on Japan and Western Europe.
SEEKING DATA ON MUTUAL FUNDS, INVESTORS AND REGULATORS FIND FRUSTRATION NEW YORK  (BC-FUNDS-MANAGERS-III-ART-3TAKES-NYT) If the price of a company's stock surges before important news is announced about that company, stock exchange computer systems will detect the move and alert market regulators to the possibility of illegal insider trading.
Regardless of the outcome of the inquiry, Chip Bogdanski, a spokesman for the Immigration and Naturalization Service, said that the six men had made no valid claim to asylum in the United States and that, as stowaways, they had no right to stay in this country or even to a hearing before an immigration judge, and would probably be sent home, perhaps within a few days.
The owners were informed, and the master said they would be well taken care of until they could be returned to the Dominican Republic.'' The official said that in mid-June, when 19 Dominican stowaways were found aboard the Narva, and in another stowaway episode earlier this year, the master had reversed course and returned the stowaways to Santo Domingo before going on to New York.
He served as head coach of the Rangers' top affiliate in the minor leagues, Binghamton, before joining the Rangers' staff.
Cox said, ``One thing about all of us, we keep a nice house.'' As they deal they talk, about their families, their houses, their health, movies, what they ate for supper the night before.
Leading Democrats want each house to finish work on the legislation before the August recess, now delayed until at least Aug.
Croatia played upstart China on Monday night before Canada took on Greece at Maple Leaf Gardens as all meaningful competition switched from Hamilton, Ont., to Toronto.
Van der Groen said studies of how common the new virus is in Africa and the rest of the world should be done before major decisions are made about changing blood-screening standards.
And the total was double the year before, according to the Outdoor Advertising Association of America.
Last year, advertisers spent $1.6 billion on billboards, up about 6 percent from the year before, not including transit.
Twice before in this century, Congress followed a president's advice to approve giant social programs financed by employers and employees.
But House Majority Leader Dick Gephardt of Missouri, the second-ranking House Democrat, last week didn't rule out a last-minute change in the House Democratic bill just before its final Aug.
``The Mitchell bill stops twice, the Gephardt bill stops once and the Clinton bill is a nonstop ride.'' Gramm said he'll try to derail the trains before they start.
``But the rain forest can only be cultivated for a few years before it is (agriculturally) useless,'' Rosset said, ``so you end up with a destroyed forest and no farmland.'' The inability to eke out even a subsistence livelihood was a major reason for the armed revolt in Chiapas earlier this year.
In the statement announcing that his company would not make the required $3.5 million down payment on $40 million worth of licenses, Hartley complained that the government had not made it clear before the auction that the technology needed to build interactive television services, like home shopping and banking, was not immediately available.
Borland's appeal will be reheard in October before the two other judges from the first panel, plus a replacement for Breyer.
The trial to decide damages that Borland must pay Lotus is scheduled for November 28, but is unlikely to start before the appellate court announces its decision.
Making law enforcement even more difficult, they say, is that boaters are not required to obtain a license or to receive any training before getting behind the wheel of a boat.
James Parks Morton, the dean of St. John, before beginning work, he conceived his piece in theatrical rather than religious terms.
And I would urge everyone, before we get to the 21st century, to get to know the 20th century in detail.'' The second section tells, in morality-play fashion, how Manchild, representing 20th-century humanity, succumbed to the disease of excess, how the promise of technological progress was overtaken by greed.
His thesis was on aquatic plants, but two professors working with corn piqued his interest; before long, he was poking around cornfields.
Twice before, he has slipped out of retirement to consult corn growers in France, Spain, Italy, Puerto Rico, Haiti and throughout the Far East.
-- August 8, 1994 -- MOTHERS-WELFARE-1, 8-8 -- The Clinton plan would give welfare mothers two years to find jobs before welfare benefits ended.
His thesis was on aquatic plants, but two professors working with corn piqued his interest; before long, he was poking around cornfields.
Twice before, he has slipped out of retirement to consult corn growers in France, Spain, Italy, Puerto Rico, Haiti and throughout the Far East.
-- August 8, 1994 -- MOTHERS-WELFARE-1, 8-8 -- The Clinton plan would give welfare mothers two years to find jobs before welfare benefits ended.
-- August 8, 1994 -- MOTHERS-WELFARE-1, 8-8 -- The Clinton plan would give welfare mothers two years to find jobs before welfare benefits ended.
-- August 8, 1994 -- MOTHERS-WELFARE-1, 8-8 -- The Clinton plan would give welfare mothers two years to find jobs before welfare benefits ended.
But Palace said he was willing to try it before trying to have the insurers reined in through legislation.
``So there was a handshake agreement that the providers and the insurers would get together and see if they could work out some of their problems before they come back to us,'' Courtney said.
``It would be a few years before we actually move,'' he said, ``and it is far too early to tell how many employees would be affected.'' Nonetheless, Beckman added, the company is searching for a new location because it is expanding rapidly from its traditional banking business into stock trading and investment banking and needs more space for a trading floor, computers and offices.
Because his call was disconnected before the department could trace the call -- a process that takes anywhere from several minutes to an hour, department officials say -- police were unable to find him.
John Drennan, who survived for 50 days before dying as a result of his burns.
He had been scheduled for release in May 1993, but two weeks before that, he was indicted on the charges that ended with Monday's acquittal.
Jones had pitched six straight scoreless innings before he gave up a one-out double to John Kruk and a run-scoring single to Tony Longmire to cut the Mets' lead to 3-2.
In the bottom of the ninth, Franco put two runners on base with two outs before slipping a called third strike past Mariano Duncan for his league-leading 29th save.
Twice before in this century, Congress followed a president's advice to approve giant social programs financed by employers and employees.
But House Majority Leader Dick Gephardt of Missouri, the second-ranking House Democrat, last week didn't rule out a last-minute change in the House Democratic bill just before its final Aug.
``The Mitchell bill stops twice, the Gephardt bill stops once and the Clinton bill is a nonstop ride.'' Gramm said he'll try to derail the trains before they start.
With the prospect of the Simpson case dominating media and public attention -- and gavel-to-gavel televised coverage virtually guaranteed -- politicians are working hard to gain as much advantage as they can before the trial begins.
``As long as morality overtook them before the law did, we would seriously consider not prosecuting them,'' Newhouse said.
But the appellate court appeared to give the federal government very little room to maneuver before McLaughlin.
The question that would be argued before him, Judge Kearse wrote, is whether Mosbacher's choice of a less accurate census count ``was essential to the achievement of a legitimate governmental interest.'' Judge William H.
``If they had one, they would have given it before.'' The suit, filed by New York state, New York City, Texas, New Jersey, Los Angeles, Chicago, Houston and Washington, D.C., among many others, focused on the post-enumeration survey, a study used by the Census Bureau to adjust the census figures to account for the millions of people who are missed in the actual decennial count.
This is a big series.'' Hours before Monday night's Yankee-Oriole game at Yankee Stadium and with a possible players' strike less than four days away, Randy Velarde's words sounded like misplaced optimism, out of kilter.
He allowed six hits, five walks and struck out five before yielding to Armando Benitez.
It spoiled a comeback by the Dodgers, who trailed 3-1 before scoring five runs in the top of the eighth against Colorado's bullpen.
It spoiled a comeback by the Dodgers, who trailed 3-1 before scoring five runs in the top of the eighth against Colorado's bullpen.
Speaking by telephone from his Dodger Stadium office as he watched his team's 7-6 loss to the Colorado Rockies on television, O'Malley said he still was hopeful of a settlement before the threatened work stoppage.
Speaking by telephone from his Dodger Stadium office as he watched his team's 7-6 loss to the Colorado Rockies on television, O'Malley said he still was hopeful of a settlement before the threatened work stoppage.
It spoiled a comeback by the Dodgers, who trailed 3-1 before scoring five runs in the top of the eighth against Colorado's bullpen.
But the appellate court appeared to give the federal government very little room to maneuver before McLaughlin.
The question that would be argued before him, Judge Kearse wrote, is whether Mosbacher's choice of a less accurate census count ``was essential to the achievement of a legitimate governmental interest.'' Judge William H.
``If they had one, they would have given it before.'' Judge Kearse was appointed by President Jimmy Carter in 1979.
Speaking by telephone from his Dodger Stadium office as he watched his team's 7-6 loss to the Colorado Rockies on television, O'Malley said he still was hopeful of a settlement before the threatened work stoppage.
It spoiled a comeback by the Dodgers, who trailed 3-1 before scoring five runs in the top of the eighth against Colorado's bullpen.
The Rangers felt the fury of Ken Griffey Jr. and Co. once again in a 14-4 pummeling before 32,708 fans at The Ballpark in Arlington last night.
``They've never before had a toxin that may affect all of the human population and possibly all of industry.'' The EPA's new assessment of dioxin also promises to generate more scientific debate.
Finally, the EPA's science advisory board will review it before it becomes final in about a year.
In the ninth inning, he gave up a single and walked two to load the bases, before getting Rey Sanchez on a fly out to end the game.
With three games left before the strike deadline, they remain a game and a half behind Texas in the A.L. West.
``If it's a 0, it's a 0.'' Johnson dropped one into the right-center alley in the sixth and darted around to third base before the ball came back.
``What do the boys think of your new life?'' I ask as I lean over to dump the sand out of my shoes before we move inside.
 (BC-WSTOCK-(2ndtake)-COX) ``I looked down and I thought it was a plowed-up field with lots of litter strewn about, but it was people, and I thought `Christ, that's the audience.' I'd never seen that many people before,'' says the 49-year-old Anderson, who lives in the English seaside town of Brighton.
Contrary to some published accounts, Anderson recalls having to perform after a blistering, career-making set from Santana, not before.
Then they put John Sebastian on before us and I was glad about that.
``The farthest I had ever gone before was Minnesota,'' says Veninga.
While the U.S. World Championship team -- and please, this is no Dream Team -- dunks its way past Spain, China, Brazil and every other participant in the 16-team tournament, Team USA is proving far more representative of today's NBA, its talents and its warts converging before an ever-expanding international audience.
In a July 29 letter, the Navy agreed to consider the foundation's request to obtain the historic Saratoga but detailed a series of requirements that would have to be met before the carrier would be transferred under the Navy's ship donation program.
-- August 9, 1994 -- CRUISE-FASHION , 8-8 -- There is a need for cheerful styles in the stores in November, before spring clothes arrive and after fall stocks have been thinned.
-- August 9, 1994 -- CRUISE-FASHION , 8-8 -- There is a need for cheerful styles in the stores in November, before spring clothes arrive and after fall stocks have been thinned.
-- August 9, 1994 -- CRUISE-FASHION , 8-8 -- There is a need for cheerful styles in the stores in November, before spring clothes arrive and after fall stocks have been thinned.
Home builders and real estate agents, who had spent millions in support of Gonzales-Soong because heshe promised to bring down interest rates, rush to their telephones to stop payment on their campaign checks and to inquire if it's possible to impeach a president-elect before heshe takes office.
Special speakers address participants before each session, and the group always prays before playing.
Special speakers address participants before each session, and the group always prays before playing.
Typically, utilities publicize a single phone number that excavators can call before they dig.
Typically, utilities publicize a single phone number that excavators can call before they dig.
TRAVELING ALASKA: STINKHEAD SOUP AND SOURDOUGH ANCHORAGE, Alaska  (BC-MURRAY-COLUMN-COX) First impressions, what I didn't know about Alaska before I came here ...
`PRISCILLA' SHOULD NET OSCAR NOMINATION FOR TERENCE STAMP  (BC-FILM-PRISCILLA-SPI) It would be hard for me to think of another British actor of the past 30 years who has not been a major box office draw, or does not have a ``Sir'' before his name, who has built a more impressive body of film work than Terence Stamp.
``They just opened -- it's the hottest place in town!'' So we beelined to Barney's, where smartly attired attendants swept us out of our rented Lexus and into a shiny, polished world of bedazzling jewelry, beguiling perfumes, beplunging necklines and be-Barneyed salespeople, laden with makeup and a you'll-have-to-prove-yourself-before-you-can-buy-anything-here attitude.
Then we zipped across Rodeo Drive to the chrome yellow cathedral of Fred Hayman's ``house of fashion and fragrance,'' which used to be Giorgio's before Fred and Gayle split up and sold the scent to Avon.
``You can also plan to do your taxes before you leave, too.'' If you haven't filed Form 4868, the IRS will grant your extension request only if you can explain your undue hardship.
15 is a Saturday), you are definitely late.'' Mueller said the IRS typically finds that those delayed returns are the most complicated, because the taxpayers may be waiting for information on various types of investments before completing their returns.
	Anyone with an Israeli stamp in their passport, who tried to enter Jordan before today, was not admitted.
	Anyone with an Israeli stamp in their passport, who tried to enter Jordan before today, was not admitted.
True, most of the big headlines in Watergate were the result of testimony before the select Watergate Committee -- the Sam Ervin committee.
-- should consult a physician before starting a strength-training program.
But less than two weeks before election day, the monitoring programs -- aimed at ensuring a fraud-free election -- appear to be in disarray.
``It's a new operation, and the groups being trained have never done anything like this on a national scale,'' said Nguyen, who added that some of the Mexican groups involved have unofficially helped monitor local elections before.
There was not time for reports from Hiroshima before the second bomb was dropped on Nagasaki.
Chauncey writes: ``Throughout the half-century before World War II, New York was full of single men and women who had left their families in southern Europe or the American South or whose work on the seas made New York one of their many temporary home ports.
The first, set in the years before World War I, centers on the conventions and laws that gave the homosexual and heterosexual cultures their increasingly distinct identities.
They also are interested in bringing the best-in-the-world polo players here for preliminary matches before the sport's U.S. Open gets under way in Bethpage State Park at the end of August, David Mansfield said.
She moved to New York not long after that, driving a cab and doing other odd jobs before landing a column in Andy Warhol's magazine, Interview.
Even at life, I'm a guest.'' A waiter places a bowl of gazpacho with a dollop of guacamole before her, then departs.
Inghilleri's mother fainted outside the courtroom minutes before the sentencing.
The weather has been beautiful, and instead of the Manhattan skyline serving as a backdrop, there is historic Olympic Stadium, where Hitler once made raucous speeches before hundreds of thousands and Jesse Owens captured gold medals that made an even louder statement.
His play has changed a lot of guys' minds.'' There is only one problem: Reeves didn't tell his two quarterbacks about his thoughts before speaking to reporters.
They should hear it before anybody reads it in the paper.
In June, when USA Today financial columnist Dan Dorfman touted Pet as a takeover candidate, trading of the stock increased before settling back down.
At first they wouldn't go on because they were scared of playing before 500,000 people, which no one had ever done.
``The movie might have been a great thing to do and see, especially if you were loaded.'' Tuttle said that the Woodstock festival was well-known before the film was released and that the absence of violence clearly affected the way many people viewed the world.
Community and altruism came to a kind of crashing end.'' One could argue that things had soured even before Woodstock, with the murders in 1968 of Bobby Kennedy and Martin Luther King and the riots at the Democratic convention in Chicago.
``All of these techniques had been used before but we tried to break a little new ground,'' he said.
A week or two before the school bus starts its rounds again, he said, parents ``need to begin to encourage and monitor their children's sleep habits and encourage good eating habits.'' The daily schedules of most children get ``out of whack'' during the summer, and the first few days that begin at 6:30 or 7 a.m. aren't necessarily very productive.
``The best thing would be to review some of that stuff before school starts, especially kids who have trouble with self-esteem,'' he said.
The importance of students reading, not only in the weeks before school but also all summer, was reiterated by many teachers and school administrators.
The Environmental Protection Agency is investigating whether he may be liable for environmental damage at a bankrupt gold mine in Summitville, Colo., that was developed by Galactic Resources Ltd., which he promoted and for many years controlled before it collapsed in late 1992.
Some fund managers who knowingly take such risks acknowledge that they are betting they can buy the stock of a company with such problems and quickly sell it at a profit, before the market recognizes the problems and the price collapses.
``For some of these funds,'' he said, ``you need something like this: `From time to time, we invest in situations where we believe that the price has been artificially and illegally manipulated, but we believe that because of our professional expertise, we will be able to exit from the market at a profit before the manipulation is exposed and the stock crashes.' '' (STORY CAN END HERE.
But even the fund company has acknowledged that MTC was decked out in a host of red flags long before the mutual funds discovered it in mid-1993.
Meanwhile, shares of MTC, which had traded at $10 to $12 last summer, and as high as $25 the summer before, closed on Friday at $3.9375, up 6.25 cents, in Nasdaq trading.
And he acknowledged that some damage resulted from his investments in companies whose public track records were festooned with red flags long before he bought the stocks, which have since collapsed under the weight of scandal.
REPEATING FOR ALL NEEDING NEW YORK  (BC-FUNDS-MANAGERS-III-ART-3TAKES-NYT) If the price of a company's stock surges before important news is announced about that company, stock exchange computer systems will detect the move and alert market regulators to the possibility of illegal insider trading.
Remove from oven and set aside to cool slightly and firm up before cutting and serving.
They were arrested Tuesday and later arraigned before Magistrate Judge Leonard Bernikow in federal court in Manhattan.
True, most of the big headlines in Watergate were the result of testimony before the select Watergate Committee -- the Sam Ervin committee.
Even before the Senate officially opened the health-care debate Tuesday, the issue had arguably become the single most heavily lobbied legislative measure ever considered by Congress.
Keenan's family had broken up before he arrived in New York; Campbell's was pleasantly in attendance Tuesday.
I wanted more room.'' He and his family spent 10 months in Japan before moving to Anchorage, where he was a partner in the restaurant, Kioi.
The PGA, the year's final major, which begins Thursday at Southern Hills Country Club, has lately had more surprises than ``The Crying Game.'' In each of the past six years, the PGA has been won by a player who had never before won a major championship.
He's coming off a second-place finish, and two of the last three major championship winners finished second the week before they won.
Starr, who was appointed a federal appeals judge by President Ronald Reagan and then became solicitor general in the Bush administration, appears to have decided to get Fiske's assessment of the case before reaching any significant decisions.
It took four times as much Soviet oil to buy industrial goods in the West following the drop in prices as it had before.'' Even Soviet arms sales -- the other major source of hard currency for Moscow -- took a drubbing.
In a private conversation with lawyers, Judge Kathleen Kennedy-Powell, who presided over the preliminary hearing, expressed concern over releasing the photographs, saying that if sensitive material was released to news organizations before the trial, ``they will show it every time they talk about the case.'' That exchange is cited in the Gannett motion; not all conversations in chambers have been sealed.
It is not clear why the administration is so eager to reach a settlement this week, although the administration apparently wants to announce a settlement before Congress takes any votes on health care legislation.
The programmers decided to wait until another show flopped before putting ``My So-Called Life'' on the schedule.
That, he said, would give the show more latitude while still keeping it well before the bedtime of most teen-agers.
The House Appropriations Committee complained last year that the agency was building satellites before it had authorization to spend the money.
Skelton was known for closely analyzing scripts before he designed lighting: working with George Peppard on ``Papa,'' a one-man show about Ernest Hemingway, he drew up five columns of cues, each based on a particular state of mind of the writer.
The news magazine Der Spiegel this week also criticized the court's reasoning for suspending the jail sentence for Decker, who is unemployed and has long been under government surveillance but had never been convicted of violating the law before.
``To me, that was the farthest you can go, the worst thing to do the day before a dangerous job,'' he says.
Characters may have smoked packs of cigarettes or downed repeated martinis without commenting on the practice, but they generally didn't shoot up before going out to dinner just to be sociable.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Hillary Clinton contended that the Mitchell plan addresses the criticism of those who say voluntary measures should be tried before the government imposes mandates on employers.
``Obviously,'' said Gore's spokeswoman, Lorraine Voles, ``the vice president was a little disappointed that Governor Wilder felt the need to use a private meeting for his own personal reasons.'' Even before the meeting started, Wilder trumpeted it in a news release as ``the first time in modern political history that an announced independent candidate for the U.S. Senate has been invited to the White House to meet with the vice president.'' Some Democrats said the White House should have known better than to haggle with Wilder.
Reminded that moments before he had called him a chameleon, Wilder snapped: ``That's not unkind! It's factual!'' And Wilder scoffed at the spoiler label.
My reward was an immediate embracement of Robb without even as much as a discussion.'' (Clinton advisers contend that the president agreed to back Robb before he knew that Wilder was considering running.) He sounds even more betrayed by Robb, whom he succeeded as governor.
The students had had a look at French culture the night before: They watched television commemorations of D-Day.
Richard Graziano of the Board of Education, director of the tourism academy for the New York City school system, said that Richard Urovsky, the principal at Evander Childs, and Arnold Abrams, head of the business education department, had been ``driving me nuts'' to get aboard before the program began there in 1992.
Jeanne Westphal, the national director of the Academy of Travel and Tourism, said that within six months of entering the program, the students were able to speak before groups and even the program's advisory board.
``Obviously,'' said Gore's spokeswoman, Lorraine Voles, ``the vice president was a little disappointed that Governor Wilder felt the need to use a private meeting for his own personal reasons.'' Even before the meeting started, Wilder trumpeted it in a news release as ``the first time in modern political history that an announced independent candidate for the U.S. Senate has been invited to the White House to meet with the vice president.'' Some Democrats said the White House should have known better than to haggle with Wilder.
Reminded that moments before he had called him a chameleon, Wilder snapped: ``That's not unkind! It's factual!'' And Wilder scoffed at the spoiler label.
My reward was an immediate embracement of Robb without even as much as a discussion.'' (Clinton advisers contend that the president agreed to back Robb before he knew that Wilder was considering running.) He sounds even more betrayed by Robb, whom he succeeded as governor.
The students had had a look at French culture the night before: They watched television commemorations of D-Day.
Richard Graziano of the Board of Education, director of the tourism academy for the New York City school system, said that Richard Urovsky, the principal at Evander Childs, and Arnold Abrams, head of the business education department, had been ``driving me nuts'' to get aboard before the program began there in 1992.
Jeanne Westphal, the national director of the Academy of Travel and Tourism, said that within six months of entering the program, the students were able to speak before groups and even the program's advisory board.
Pollsters often describe the practical legacy of this past as ``the Nicaragua effect,'' after the failure of their counterparts there to accurately gauge the depth of voter opposition to the Sandinista government before its election defeat by President Violeta Barrios de Chamorro in 1990.
``Each side,'' the official said, ``is trying to determine whether they can pay the price they are being asked for by the other and whether the price is worth it.'' The senior official, who insisted on anonymity, described the talks as ``far more detailed than before,'' adding that they had taken on a more inquiring character.
Scavengers have picked through the rooms so thoroughly that there is almost no sign left of the lives that were lived here before the Jan.
``Nobody's ever been there before,'' he said.
He now has 170 innings with one start remaining before the Aug.
The day before, a Democrat -- Sen.
Akzo accounts for nearly 75 percent of combined sales, and it ranked 13th in the chemical industry before the union with Nobel.
Akzo Nobel's fiber group now accounts for 16 percent of sales, compared with 20 percent at Akzo before the merger.
Interim earnings released last week showed that Akzo Nobel's net income in the second quarter climbed 48 percent before special charges, to $204.5 million, compared with the similar period of 1993.
We should stick to debating health care.'' Hours before the Senate opened debate on the issue, Mrs.
In an application to the special three-judge panel Monday, Ms. Reno said that an initial inquiry showed that further investigation was warranted into Espy's association with Tyson Foods Inc., the Arkansas-based agricultural empire, and other companies with business before the Agriculture Department.
While some analysts expected a rate increase before the Treasury auction, more seem to believe that the Fed would wait to take any action until the Aug.
SENATE AND HOUSE AGREE ON MEASURE TO SEEK LIFTING OF EMBARGO AGAINST BOSNIA WASHINGTON  (BC-YUGOSLAVIA-U.S.-250&ADDS-NYT) Senate and House lawmakers have agreed on a measure instructing the Clinton administration to seek the lifting of the arms embargo against the Muslim-led Bosnian government before the end of October if the Bosnian Serbs do not agree to a peace settlement.
If the Bosnian Serbs continue to resist a peace settlement, the Clinton administration would introduce a resolution in the U.N. Security Council before the end of October exempting the Bosnian government from the arms embargo and would actively work for adoption of the measure.
``But we will be very cautious before we express any final evaluation.'' 
The game played out much like the night before as the Giants once again overcame a Cubs lead late in the game.
And just like the night before, Rod Beck tantalized a near-capacity crowd by loading the bases before getting the final out.
He gave up just five hits and one run before turning the ball over to Myers after eight innings.
After facing 10 batters the night before, Beck said he was a little sore, but it didn't bother him that much.
There is nothing political about that.'' Dole suggested that Senate Democrats were trying to rush a bill through before the American people understood it.
With perhaps another month before officials must enforce the Supreme Court ruling, the Cuomo administration and Seneca leaders have been quick to pursue talks on a mutual accord to satisfy tribe and state needs and head off heightened confrontations and litigation.
In one example, a retired board employee was hired as a consultant by the high school division to do the same job he had done before his retirement; as a result, he collected both his pension and a $15,000 fee.
That strategy would leave American Cyanamid's medical units, which are projected to have gross profits this year of $1.58 billion, before costs for marketing, overhead, research and taxes, on sales of $2.25 billion, said Arvind Desai, an analyst at Mehta & Isaly Worldwide Drug Research.
``You make everything right.'' Kang, 37, had worked at various jobs in Central Park for eight years before joining the new project two years ago.
At age 5, Khiev was taken from his parents by the Khmer Rouge and made to work in rice fields from before sunrise to after sunset.
-- August 9, 1994 -- MEXICO-ELECTION, 8-9 -- Suspicions about the accuracy of opinion polling in Mexico are adding to the uncertainties gripping the country less than two weeks before its presidential election.
-- August 9, 1994 -- MEXICO-ELECTION, 8-9 -- Suspicions about the accuracy of opinion polling in Mexico are adding to the uncertainties gripping the country less than two weeks before its presidential election.
-- August 9, 1994 -- MEXICO-ELECTION, 8-9 -- Suspicions about the accuracy of opinion polling in Mexico are adding to the uncertainties gripping the country less than two weeks before its presidential election.
Miller said the department wanted to see how other strategies worked ``before trying things like targeting people at random and inconveniencing large segments of the public, and butting up against people's civil rights.'' 
The defense is arguing that Jackson-Knight had actually confessed to having helped set a different arson-for-pay fire, in which nobody was hurt, at a different supermarket two years before the Waldbaum's fire, and that the Waldbaum's blaze was not arson.
But under cross-examination, Jackson-Knight's lawyer, Robert Sullivan, brought out that before testifying in the 1980 trial, Cruz had told an investigator contradictory things about his conversation with Jackson-Knight: that the defendant had admitted setting the Waldbaum's fire, but also that he, Cruz, did not know who set the fire.
He was a Navy chaplain in World War II and served parishes in Maryland and eastern Pennsylvania before becoming director of Christian education in the Diocese of Central New York.
Advertisers usually require 80 percent U.S. coverage before they will agree to buy time.
Dr. Cameron had worked until a few weeks before her death.
He also worked for the United Electrical, Radio and Machine Workers Union and Meharry Medical College in Nashville, Tenn., before he retired in 1976.
Advertisers usually require 80 percent U.S. coverage before they will agree to buy time.
In an application to the special three-judge panel Monday, Ms. Reno said that an initial inquiry showed that further investigation was warranted into Espy's association with Tyson Foods Inc., the Arkansas-based agricultural empire, and other companies with business before the Agriculture Department.
Though many experts agree that the time is ripe for virtual corporations, they also say the idea has a long way to go before it is accepted widely by workers and customers.
U.S. ASKS BISHOPS TO DISCUSS FAMILY ISSUES WASHINGTON  (BC-CAIRO-CONFERENCE-REACT-NYT) Despite a disagreement over abortion, the United States has invited American Roman Catholic bishops to meet with administration officials to explore other areas where they may be able to reconcile their positions before a U.N. population conference next month in Cairo.
Even before the Vatican statement, Wirth said, he had invited bishops and cardinals to meet with him, resuming a series of meetings over the last several months.
There is nothing political about that.'' Dole suggested that Senate Democrats were trying to rush a bill through before the American people understood it.
 (BC-SIMPSON-HEARINGS-ADDATEND-NYT) During a meeting with lawyers for both sides in his chambers before adjoruning for the day, Ito expressed his concern for maintaining the integrity of the 12-man jury that hears the case.
Raveling took his Washington State program to Italy before that.
``I'm excited about going, principally because I've been there before and I've always had a nice time.'' 
The citation for shoplifting was issued the week before the season ended against Missouri, and there was some public sentiment that he should not have played against the Tigers.
Also ask for a five-year agreement, allowing owners a measure of stability before another strike threatens.
He said he will probably be back before this season is over.
``I'm a fast healer, so I think I'll be back before the season is over with.'' During his sophomore season at Alabama, Lassic experienced a similar situation, and he beat the odds.
For the second straight week, Raymond, ranked 52nd, faced one of the world's top three players, putting up a tough fight before falling in the third set.
Prior to Tuesday, the two had met only once before, in 1993 in Philadelphia.
The Chicago Bears and even the Chiefs might enter the bidding -- something the Cowboys have yet to do -- though Casillas probably understands the Cowboys would like to be contacted before he makes a decision.
ORIOLES NIP YANKEES, 6-5 NEW YORK  (BC-BBA-YANKS-ORIOLES-NYT) Jim Abbott shook his head in disbelief before he gave the baseball to Buck Showalter and then walked to the dugout staring at his shoelaces.
The clubs meet on Wednesday night and then Baltimore plays Boston and the Yanks oppose Toronto on Thursday before Friday's anticipated strike.
Instead of enjoying a victory that could clinch at least a tie for first in the American League West before the impending strike, Kennedy is forced to watch the television in his office and root for the Chicago White Sox to defeat the Oakland Athletics.
The Rangers lost their fifth consecutive game yesterday, dropping an 8-5 decision to the Mariners before a crowd of 36,937 at The Ballpark in Arlington.
The Rangers' final game before the fateful strike date comes against the Mariners today.
He allowed just a solo home run by James and a single run in the sixth before departing.
The league desired a revenue-sharing payment that did not penalize its current members for revenue contracted before expansion, but one that also allowed incoming members to share in revenue upon admission, Welty said.
We know if he might miss one turn if there is a quick settlement.'' The 23-year old Hitchcock, who was 4-1 with a 4.20 earned run average and had won three of his last four starts, had said before the game that the Yankees had not mentioned anything about a demotion to him.
If there is a settlement before Hitchcock is eligible to be promoted, the Yankees would be able to recall him sooner because they acted on Tuesday night instead of waiting until Thursday.
``I'm being paid the amount of money I'm being paid because of the people before me.
The U.S. unleashed a three-point barrage perhaps never before seen in international basketball, draining 21 of 25 treys in the second half, led by Reggie Miller's 8-for-8.
But only two more remain before the major-league players are scheduled to strike beginning Friday.
If the Dodgers do it before Friday's scheduled walkout, they could avoid having to continue paying Offerman his guaranteed $515,000 salary.
You could do something like that, because we do have players at the minor-league level making more than players at the major-league level (actually, Offerman is the only one), but I don't intend to do that.'' So there's no chance Offerman could get a money-saving promotion before the strike?
Claire said he did not recall any player or agent attempt to get such a clause before signing his latest contract.
He began dragging me up the tunnel.'' Sanders denied the officer's account before going 0 for 4 in Tuesday's game.
There was a `boy' call, but I don't want to make this into a racial act.'' Surprising visitor: Reds owner Marge Schott made an unusual visit to the umpires' room before the game.
Leiter, the club's closer du jour, was rocked for a home run and two doubles in the 11th inning, enabling the Kansas City Royals to sting the Angels with a 5-3 defeat before a few of Southern California's most masochistic baseball fans (17,876, to be exact).
Leiter, who has compiled a 0-3 record and 14.21 ERA on the homestand -- and figures to be bounced out of the closer's role before, oh, breakfast today -- inherited a 3-3 tie to open the 11th.
He walked the first two men he faced before cutting down the Angels' 4-5-6 hitters (Chili Davis, Tim Salmon, J.T. Snow) in order.
Leiter, the club's closer du jour, was rocked for a home run and two doubles in the 11th inning, enabling the Kansas City Royals to sting the Angels with a 5-3 defeat before a few of Southern California's most masochistic baseball fans (17,876, to be exact).
Leiter, who has compiled a 0-3 record and 14.21 ERA on the homestand -- and figures to be bounced out of the closer's role before, oh, breakfast today -- inherited a 3-3 tie to open the 11th.
They have two games remaining before the strike date, the Rangers have one, so the A's can assure themselves of at least a tie by winning Wednesday and Thursday night.
Just to underscore that point, Chuck Daly popped into Maple Leaf Gardens Tuesday night, and before sliding into the television analyst's seat for the United States' 130-74 trouncing of Australia, Dream Team I's official caretaker offered his version of what the matchups would look like if the two teams happened to meet.
Although I'd seen it before, I had never spent a day sitting on its sand and watching it work.
I've never done that before or since,'' Groom told Newsday recently.
But even this double whammy happened once before -- in 1909, when Cleveland's Neal Ball did it too.
That hurts him.'' The Wall Street Journal reported that before the K-III offer, Whittle had been negotiating the sale of a half-interest in the Channel One operation to a Goldman Sachs & Co. investment partnership.
In a strong voice, he read before the assembled guests and his wife-to-be, Melany, the six points needed to fulfill the contract.
But I don't see that happening.'' Therapists say taking time to evaluate previous unions is critical before entering into new ones.
``They must feel the pain of what went wrong and take the time to figure out how they might want it to go differently.'' Buck Passmore of Boca Raton, spokesman for Southern Bell, wishes he had slowed things down before he remarried the second time.
How long before the next one hits?
The film presents a smaller, more sanitized Forrest who gets married just before a major character dies.
``I just knew it was going to be a winner.'' Shortly before the novel was published, Groom wandered into Judge Roy Bean's tavern on the Gulf Coast and met 21-year-old Ann- Clinton Murphy.
Now, Chavez said, fewer people are doing more work than ever before.
May be made ahead and reheated before serving.
May be made ahead and reheated before serving.
Now, Chavez said, fewer people are doing more work than ever before.
One morning she looked out the window and the fields were filled with neighbors who had stopped by to get in her crops before they went on to their own fields.
The largest single gathering Swede ever prepared for before was an outdoor wedding where 600 people were served.
The largest single gathering Swede ever prepared for before was an outdoor wedding where 600 people were served.
But on the road back, (humor) did help, it helped a lot.'' She chose to play Grace as a character with many of her own past troubles, but translating that personal pain to a weekly public revelation before millions was daunting at first.
The new nailheads were rusted before they were installed, neatly hammered from one side of the tin wall -- the side facing the hallway -- to the other, where the posts serve as both structural columns and shelves.
Frenaye had attended several Elderhostels before her initial meeting with her husband, but it was his first.
From ticket sales to toilet paper supply, Delsener makes sure everything is in place before, during and after a band goes on stage.
He grew up in Queens and served in the Army as a surveyor before he landed his first job in the entertainment business, working as ``the third banana,'' he said, for two concert promoters at the tennis stadium in Forest Hills, Queens.
Van Halen wanted M&M's in its dressing rooms, with the brown ones removed; Bob Dylan didn't allow anyone to look at his face before a show; Meat Loaf required a tank of oxygen and a gas mask; the Beastie Boys insisted on a ``colored assortment'' of condoms and ZZ Top needed feed and hay for livestock they brought along.
It was five minutes before showtime and a pair of Phil Collins fans wanted their $50 seats.
Sometimes the glaze dries before it can be wiped off.
I said before we win, we'll have to have football players who want to be cadets.
``Right before Richie Havens came on, I turned around for the first time since we got there,'' Odenheimer said.
Miller said the department was not sure how long the log was missing before one of the two civilians with access to the locker reported that he could not find the document Monday.
``When he speaks, he is speaking as a member of the community, not just as a member of Congress.'' But the most convincing arguments might have come from gay and lesbian members, such as former chapter presidents Tak Yamamoto and May Yamamoto, and former staff member Lia Shigemura, all of whom spoke at a panel the day before the vote.
Speaking before the council, Shigemura said: ``I'm having to come out and draw attention to myself as a lesbian; this is so un-Japanese of me!'' She said she wants to ``fight for what's right to make this a better America for all Americans.
	Ms. Coe said she does not know whether the employees had anti- abortion sentiments before they went to work at the downtown Greenville clinic or whether they were recruited by demonstrators, who have launched an all-out attack on the business by picketing the building every day it is open.
	But lawyers who have dealt with Constitutional issues differ on whether Clinton is likely to prevail with his assertion that he is also immune from a suit that relates to his actions a citizen before he became president.
With starting prices are about $1,500 (down cushions) or $1,000 (polyurethane and Dacron cushions) before fabric, which can add an extra $200 or so, this is more a source for beautifully crafted and designed sofas than for a comfortable night's rest.
He specifically said it would take a number of bad games -- some on the Giants staff privately say at least six or so -- before Reeves would even think about putting Graham in.
He worked two years in the Eastern League before moving to the Texas League this season.
Sanders, 28, graduated from college and worked two years at a sales job with a trucking company in Memphis, Tenn., before going to umpire school.
I should have had the surgery the first time I went down.'' Anderson, who is getting married in two weeks, reinjured the wrist midway through last season and played the remainder with soreness before opting for the operation.
And students of the game may recall 1964 as the last year before a system of drafting new players was introduced, which of course was one of several reasons the Yankees ceased to be the dynasty they had been.
However you view this thesis -- and you might make something of the fact that while the Yankees may have declined, American League teams went on to win six of the 11 World Series played before the Yankees returned in 1976 -- Halberstam certainly makes his theory seem plausible as he works his way through the 1964 season telling behind-the-scenes stories of what happened and why.
Their first features, often low-budget independent films, represented fresh voices and new politics after a spate of star vehicles for comedians like Richard Pryor and Eddie Murphy and, before that, the 1970s blaxploitation films like ``Superfly'' which were frequently made by whites.
But two days before the start of the three-day festival, the concert's top security official said Wednesday that there had been a ``handful'' of breaches.
``Ukraine has never had this before and reforms were blocked in the bureaucracy.'' One of the reasons for Ukraine's sluggish progress in market reforms, lagging far behind Russia, is that the few progressive policies enacted since independence, like access to private farm plots, have often been obstructed by Soviet-era bureaucrats, who are resistant to change.
Then, early one evening as a group of us headed into the hotel dining room before journeying to the convention in the International Amphitheater, all hell broke loose.
Night sticks pounded heads that moments before had been adorned with beads and bands.
Plans called for Johnson to appear before adoring delegates on Aug.
And when Fehr walked out of Wednesday's short bargaining session before it was over, that was another sure indication that talking is simply a waste of time for now.
In 1988, she was appointed editor in chief of Family Circle magazine, before being named editorial director of the magazine group in March.
My father coached Little League years ago, and many summer nights he would come home from work early just so we could grab our mitts and a ball, go out in the yard before dinner and play a little game of labor negotiations.
They should be rinsed and emptied of any solid waste before being burned or put in their own trash bag.
Allowing a more natural flow raises slightly the risk of spring flooding, primarily because the river will already run higher before the storms hit.
At a recent appearance before the Senate Judiciary Committee, Ms. Reno was asked by Arlen Specter, a former prosecutor who takes his oversight responsibility seriously, ``Would you continue a U.S. attorney operating actively if that U.S. Attorney were the subject of a criminal investigation?'' Her answer was an evasive ``That depends.
Indian officials have given conflicting versions of how Memon came to be arrested, with some saying, as Memon has himself, that the official version of a capture early Friday at the Delhi railroad station was a subterfuge, and that he had been handed over to India by the authorities in Nepal and had been in Indian custody for at least a week before his capture had been announced.
It's a great idea.'' Michael Dorf, who owns the Knitting Factory, said he did not check his Ticketmaster contract before making his agreement with Sonicnet.
Campbells headed for Leavenworth camped outside Lawrence the night before the raid.
A Campbell letter says Quantrill had spies in town a week before the raid and they pointed out the houses of Union sympathizers.
Twenty minutes before noon, he was told.
David Stern, the commissioner of the NBA, took an unsolicited swipe at Fehr three years ago in a speech before the Association of Women in Sports Media convention.
Fehr became so physically exhausted he was forced to leave work for weeks in the period right before the rulings on collusion.
House Speaker Thomas Foley, D-Wash., said Tuesday that there would be no significant changes to the legislation before the vote.
House Speaker Thomas Foley, D-Wash., said Tuesday that there would be no significant changes to the legislation before the vote.
``To me, it's like all music from before my day.
And she would not pass up a chance to play before such a huge crowd.
A Return Matchup on Grass This is the week before Holy Bull tangles with Tabasco Cat in the Travers Stakes, the race of the summer for 3-year-old colts, but some exceptionally heavy hitters will make appearances at Saratoga this weekend in search of championships in other divisions.
Bennett acknowledged the cases are dissimilar in that Nixon was sued over an official act of his administration, while Clinton is being sued for something that took place before he became president.
Susan Low Bloch, a constitutional law professor at Georgetown University, said that Clinton was elected ``to be a full-time president and in this day and age, with the litigious society we have and the prospect of lucrative book contracts and so on, these suits will proliferate if you allow this one to go forward.'' However, Stuart Gerson, a Justice Department official in the Bush administration who served as acting attorney general before Reno's arrival in March 1993, said there is nothing in court precedents or the Constitution that immunizes a president for acts that occurred before the president's term in office.
Gerald McKelvey, a spokesman for the district attorney's office, said investigators are looking into the circumstances of Vlasto's death and the abrupt withdrawal of $80,000 from his bank accounts shortly before he died, including the wiring of $70,000 to an Atlantic City, N.J., casino.
Andrew Vlasto was a lawyer and banker in Greece before coming to the United States in 1945 at the age of 37.
She said that she worked briefly for him as a housecleaner in 1991 before returning to California and that in the spring of 1993 he invited her to stay with him in his apartment.
The psychiatrist produced a school essay Eric had written three months before the murder.
The question before us is whether or not we have the capacity to bridge the differences between Republicans and Democrats and pass a bill that is urgently needed by the people, urgently needed.
The question before us is, Can we bridge the differences?
There are tens of millions of Americans out there who do not have the capacity to pay the bills, who are forced to ingratiate themselves, to remain on welfare before they are told that they're eligible.
Evidence of that today when every section in this bill has been changed, and yet we had some estimated costs in here the day before yesterday.
It's discouraging when you hear about it from a young guy who isn't sure he wants to play.'' Thomas performed for Cincinnati for six seasons before joining the Jets last year.
At Atlanta, I was really proud of the way I hung in there, and that's what I want to get back to.'' One thing Daly does not want to get back to is the obscurity before his PGA victory.
In other actions in Tuesday's concluding session, the delegates quickly approved a long list of resolutions on five themes proposed by the Zapatistas before the convention started.
The convention leadership quickly ended the session and on Tuesday morning decided to conclude the gathering before the rains returned.
In a carefully orchestrated show that was equal parts military review and theatrical spectacle, 200 uniformed guerrillas marched before the soaring backdrop of two huge Mexican flags.
When Donelli returned to the pros, he coached the Cleveland Rams to a 4-6 record in 1944 before being inducted into the Navy, which gave him the curious homefront duty of serving as Lou Little's assistant at Columbia.
My father coached Little League years ago, and many summer nights he would come home from work early just so we could grab our mitts and a ball, go out in the yard before dinner and play a little game of labor negotiations.
``This does play a role in increased incidents of skin cancer, cataracts, crop damage and destruction of some of the lower life forms that contribute to the basic levels of the food chain.'' But the old refrigerant, which is used in about 140 million cars manufactured before 1993 and thousands of industrial and commercial cooling systems, won't disappear from use anytime soon.
If a system is low on Freon and is leaking, repairs must be made before more refrigerant is added.
He said she delayed filing her suit for nearly three years and did so only after Clinton had been in office for more than a year, thus depriving Clinton of the opportunity of disposing of the matter before his election.
``There's a kid by the rail,'' Mattingly related before Wednesday night's game, ``and this guy is sayin': `Look at the kid, Don.
Outfielder Luis Polonia says he will also stay in town awhile before flying off to the Dominican Republic.
``We'd never heard of such an organization before.
You have to pack a lot of underwear.'' Former Raider linebacker Matt Millen, also a Fox analyst, wasn't in Madden's bus for five minutes before he understood the appeal.
The House vote to eliminate discretion came one day before a network TV show was scheduled to run a segment showing members of Congress, their staffs and their families using frequent-flyer tickets for vacation trips.
Alfonse D'Amato of New York and eight other Senate Republicans dispatched a letter urging Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen to dismiss Altman and two other officials for what the senators portrayed as a lack of candor before Congress, Starr was going out of his way to play down any idea that his past associations could play a role in his performance.
That is the purpose of it.'' ``He's alluded to that before,'' Fehr said.
ROME AND U.S. READ DIFFERENT IDEAS INTO DOCUMENT FOR POPULATION TALKS ROME  (BC-VATICAN-ABORTION-555(2TAKES)-NYT) Less than a month before the countries of the world assemble in Cairo to discuss how the planet can avert catastrophic overpopulation, the United States and the Vatican have emerged as the poles of a bitter debate over one central theme: should abortion, in any form, by any name and for any purpose, be legitimized in the lexicon of international relations?
``There are problems of ambiguous language,'' said a senior Vatican official closely involved in negotiations still under way to seek a consensus before the Cairo conference opens in September.
None emerged before he put his bill in.
``The question before us is whether we have the capacity to bridge the differences between Democrats and Republicans and pass a bill that's urgently needed by the people, urgently needed,'' he said.
	But he did say, ``One-man shows have never fallen within the guidelines.'' What's more, Sabinson said, ``We recognized Jackie Mason when he first came to Broadway in 1987 and gave him a special Tony Award then.'' 	Mason no longer has that Tony; he returned it in protest on June 7, five days before this year's Tonys were awarded.
But the safety issue was resolved the day before in a ruling the judge filed quietly in the District Court here.
Unless the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Richmond grants a stay before Monday, Ms. Faulkner is scheduled to become a cadet on Aug.
``Other than this case, did you ever before fake a sworn typed transcript statement?'' Sullivan, who represents Jackson-Knight in the case, demanded as a courtroom crammed with spectators watched intently.
``To show to a witness, no, never before,'' Gary responded.
Thus the prosecution evidence that Gary presented as a witness Wednesday -- reading from typed transcripts of what he said were three interviews in May 1979 in which Jackson-Knight confessed to him shortly before the defendant was indicted in the case -- was some of the most important testimony in the retrial.
``We think we will succeed in the end, whatever the number of competitive proposals,'' said Majority Leader Dick Gephardt, D-Mo. In order to meet the deadline for bills to be considered in next week's House debate, the 10 Republicans and conservative Democrats who assembled the bipartisan bill in secret had to send it to the Rules Committee before it was done.
Many have complained about the last-minute rush to meet the deadlines for the bills to be submitted, written, and examined by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office and members before next week's debate.
But officials at Bellevue say they will have to weigh the girl's reaction before confronting her with a mother she has not seen in years and who may provoke strong emotions.
She said her former husband had been treated in a psychiatric clinic and that his trip to New York was part of a scheme by her former in-laws to resettle there just before the girl would have to register for school.
We would like to have her back to live with us.'' In any case, counselors at Nyana and officials at Bellevue say it will probably be months before Lidiya can be moved.
In a July 27 letter, Stafford asked Costello ``not to take any definitive steps involving your pharmaceutical business before we can have a meeting.'' There was no reply, the filing said.
The House vote to eliminate discretion came one day before a network TV show was scheduled to run a segment showing members of Congress, their staffs and their families using frequent-flyer tickets for vacation trips.
The commercial anglers said they had disappeared just before Hendricks arrived.
``Then you can worry about your love life.'' Delsener at Madison Square Garden before a Phil Collins concert.
``Then you can worry about your love life.'' Delsener at Madison Square Garden before a Phil Collins concert.
``Then you can worry about your love life.'' Delsener at Madison Square Garden before a Phil Collins concert.
``Then you can worry about your love life.'' Delsener at Madison Square Garden before a Phil Collins concert.
``We could not tell you whether the person or persons who did this had set fires before or whether this was the first time.
Standing before about 400 cheering backers in the parking lot next to the burned-out school, a tearful Humphries denied accusations that he had pushed and injured a black television cameraman as he left the scene of the fire Saturday.
``The problem with the next two days,'' McIlvaine said, referring to the final days before the proposed Aug.
ORIOLES TOP YANKEES, 8-1 NEW YORK  (BC-BBA-YANKS-ORIOLES-NYT) There was a strange and surreal feeling in the crowded New York Yankee clubhouse before Wednesday night's game.
But their ignorance-is-bliss philosophy might be wilting because the baseball calendar has dwindled to one game, at 1:05 p.m. on Thursday against the Toronto Blue Jays, remaining before a strike.
``We could not tell you whether the person or persons who did this had set fires before or whether this was the first time.
Standing before about 400 cheering backers in the parking lot next to the burned-out school, a tearful Humphries denied accusations that he had pushed and injured a black television cameraman as he left the scene of the fire on Saturday.
With the rejection of the compromise settlement, attorneys for Wind and Briseno are scheduled to appear before U.S. District Court Judge John Davies next month to ask him to hold the city liable for full payment of their fees.
But the players knew how much Lasorda appreciated them and their efforts, because he told them so before the game.
But maybe that was it.'' Long before the Dodgers rallied and Todd Worrell pitched a scoreless ninth to get his 11th save and Ismael Valdes (3-1) his third win, strike preparations dominated the day for both players and management.
Both Lasorda and Claire admitted they saw little hope of a settlement before Friday's deadline.
`The changes are an improvement over what we had before,'' said Commissioner Bert Boeckmann.
Big 12 athletic directors, who are pondering a championship playoff game between winners of the league's six-team divisions, had said they were waiting for word from the Cotton Bowl before deciding on a playoff.
``You're going to get some kids who make it now who might not have had as good a chance before there was a salary cap,'' scouting director Larry Lacewell said.
Allen is raw, having played at little Sonoma State before coming to Dallas as a second-round pick.
A few hours before last Sunday's preseason game, the cocky Jackson was leaning on a wall at Valley Ranch, whistling and conspicuously displaying a University of Florida record book with his photo on the cover.
``I met with the players for about five minutes before the game tonight,'' Kennedy said.
It came in what is expected to be the final game before the strike.
The 36-year-old reliever allowed a game-losing homer in a game the Rangers had to win to clinch first outright before the strike date.
It was an atmosphere brought on by a six-game losing streak, by a failure to leave the Oakland Athletics in the dust before the strike and by the strangeness of clearing out lockers in the second week in August rather than the first week in October.
``I don't think we're going to Kansas City (where the Rangers would play Friday if the strike is settled).'' Palmer said a mood of resignation permeated the clubhouse before the game.
Although he missed most of '93, he had an ironman streak of 107 straight games going before getting hurt and missing the regular-season finale in '92.
An unknown 24-year-old French woman, Alexia Dechaume-Balleret, forced the eight-time Virginia Slims of L.A. champion into a third-set tiebreaker before losing 6-3, 3-6, 7-6 (7-4) before 5,724 fans at the Manhattan Country Club.
Valdes made only four starts for Albuquerque before being called up to the big leagues June 8.
He opened the season at San Antonio, where he started eight games before his May 20 promotion to Albuquerque.
Further calculations convinced them, however, that the comet will go through the intersection of the two orbits at least a few weeks before Earth gets there.
It shot off to the right for some reason.'' The A's would like to be in first place before a strike, but they also have to take some satisfaction in examining their prospects if a strike is delayed or ends soon.
Clinton can only be helped by getting before the American people and expressing his vision of what's right.
It was early, several minutes before 8 a.m., and the sky was overcast.
But Margie Matyastik was upbeat and eager to get Mountainview's immunization records into working order before school starts next week.
The Citadel has appealed Houck's ruling that Faulkner be admitted to the all- male corps, and school officials are hoping that a stay comes before Monday.
What prevents women from gaining more television time is that sponsors want maximum exposure before plunking down more bucks.
At their Pro-Ams - where guests pay to play with the pros before a tournament - the women play with the group, not ahead of them like male pros tend to do.
Running back Derrick Lassic, who had major knee surgery last week, vows he will return before the end of the year.
But Scovell, who before the alliance announcement had predicted the 58-year- old Cotton would cease operations rather than not be among the elite bowls, said Wednesday that a game including the second- or third-ranked Big 12 team could be a good draw.
``We were new and trying to understand the business before withdrawing any flexibility,'' said David Scott, the Journal-Constitution's publisher for electronic information services.
A copy of his medical license -- he's also an emergency-room physician -- what he paid for his house, the number of bathrooms in it, the size of his front yard, previous addresses, median income for households in his census tract, and dozens of pages of other information flashed before him.
``And a lot of black men -- not so much anymore, but before -- they got successful and they had to have a white woman on their arm.
Conditions before the passage of the Civil Rights Act were terrifying, she says.
The book of Jeremiah, Chapter 24, verses 1, 2 and 3: ``The Lord shewed me, and, behold, two baskets of figs were set before the temple of the Lord, after that Nebuchadrezzar, king of Babylon, had carried away captive Jeconiah, the son of Jehoiakim, king of Judah, and the princes of Judah, with the carpenters and smiths from Jerusalem, and brought them to Babylon.
He had been with family and friends all evening, and had danced with his grandmother shortly before the accident.
Drivers aren't just running on empty, they're pushing on even when they know they ought to stop and rest, the Sleep Council says -- and too many start their trips exhausted from packing late the night before they leave.
The Sleep Council advises hitting the hay before you hit the highway.
Here's a young cat's typical ``things to do today'' list: Leave muddy paw-prints on car windshield, unroll toilet paper roll, attack feet under bed covers, shred morning newspaper before it has been read, eat lizard and throw up, sharpen claws on upholstery, sling cat litter out of box, slash new pair of pantyhose, chase own tail, get stranded on roof, break something valuable, blame it on family dog.
When the coordinator for Mexico's ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) in Gomez' town of Oxchuc told him to threaten his neighbors into voting for the PRI, he did what he never before had the courage to do.
Still, the PRI-led government, under the pressure of the Mayan rebels and a national cry for democracy, has agreed to more electoral reforms than ever before.
Interrupting the exam to take a call from another patient -- obviously another implant recipient -- the doctor casually says such things as ``That's perfectly normal'' and ``Call me if it leaks.'' Later, he asks whether the doctor who inserted Wanda's implants was thorough enough to ask questions beforehand.
He's ``In the Army Now.'' Like dozens of service comedies dating back to before Three Stooges days, ``In the Army'' dumps a couple of misfits into the military and sees how much they don't conform to this most conformist of institutions.
Here's the last studio album Prince recorded before changing his name to Hey You or Incomprehensible Symbol or whatever he now wants to be known as.
Although the Purple Jerk long ago waded deep into the waters of absolute pretentiousness and stopped making great music, ``Come'' (Warner Bros.) contains some of Prince's most solid dance-funk grooves since the 12-inch mix of ``Sign of the Times'' and before that, the ``Controversy'' album.
The result is like watching a series of car accidents, each bloodier than the one before.
An omnipotent jack-of-all-trades, Allen is remembered in ``Hi-Ho Steverino'' as a radio and television comedy pioneer who was doing offbeat schtick before it was fashionable and a composer whose prolific output of about 4,800 songs is exceeded by no one.
It paints a picture of a brilliant but insecure man who came along before the late-night talk-show gravy train really started rolling -- and who has never quite been able to reconcile his position as an intellectual trapped inside an entertainer's body.
Also as before, the sketches maintain a spiritual alliance with rock-and-roll and with MTV-style graphics.
That's what happened, after all, with ``Saturday Night Live.'' And even if it's unlikely that the ``SNL'' phenomenon will visit us again, there's at least enough in the first two installments of ``The Vacant Lot'' to warrant waiting around to see what these guys make of themselves before they grow up.
Two weeks before moving day, the insurance company notified my friend and her husband that they had been approved for insurance -- except for my friend's breasts.
In fact, it's not long before Ozzie has decided to reclaim Colleen by putting a down payment on an engagement ring.
In perhaps the most troubling self-portrait, Mapplethorpe, who touched off the national debate on obscenity in the arts with his homoerotic photographs, is shown a year before his 1989 death from AIDS.
He cultivated their talents in countless two-reelers before undertaking this, the first six-reel feature comedy ever made.
Under his decision, Faulkner, if she goes ahead with her plans to break the sex barrier at the college this fall, will have to sit, like all male students, before a barber who, in seconds, will shear off all her hair, leaving only prickly stubble.
What does the legislation do to ease the prison overcrowding that has resulted in some convicted criminals being released before serving their entire sentences?
You've seen this stuff before.
Or that Iran-contra, BCCI, BNL and Inslaw are part of a worldwide ``octopus'' of conspirators, as writer Joseph Daniel Casolaro maintained before his 1991 death, ruled a suicide, added fuel to the conspiracy theorists' theories.
The ``October Surprise'' -- For more than a decade, there were rumors that the Reagan-Bush campaign organization conspired to prevent President Jimmy Carter's administration from gaining release of American hostages in Iran before the 1980 presidential campaign.
Former major leaguers Phil Niekro, Joe Niekro and Tommy Jones manage and instruct.'' For any woman who ever played baseball as a kid but was turned away before she realized her potential, there would be an answer in Watertown.
	NEW YORK (NYT) -- Out in the center field bleachers, 13-year-old Carmelo Vazquez savored the Yankees' last game before the baseball strike and once more imagined himself a major leaguer.
	The new charges against Lemrick Nelson, 18, who moved to Atlanta after his 1992 trial, came just days before the third anniversary of the racial unrest, that tarnished the image of Mayor David N.
`THE LAST KLEZMER': LOOKING BACKWARD WITH A KLEZMER MASTER  (BC-KLEZMER-FILM-REVIEW-NYT) The propulsive Jewish folk music known as klezmer that was played by itinerant bands throughout Eastern Europe before World War II has earned many sobriquets, among them ``Jewish jazz.'' The pumping rhythms, modal harmonies and cantorial cry of this European roots music have filtered into countless Broadway musicals.
In the saddest vignette he recalls how his brother was slain by anti-Semitic Ukrainian nationalists just one week before the arrival of the Russians.
Woodstock '94 is, after all, a music festival before it's a cultural symbol.
It's a bunch of bands playing for a lot of paying customers, on the site in Saugerties, and before television screens all over the place.
But in an order signed July 28 and released this week, Edelstein had the last word for the fourth straight time, calling IBM's charges against him ``ludicrous'' and ``typical of the defendant's tendency to allege bias and prejudice where no reasonable person would perceive the appearance of any bias or prejudice whatsoever.'' ``Defendant, or defendant's counsel, apparently is determined to bring a motion for recusal each time IBM appears before this court,'' the judge said.
Malpractice provisions for pain and suffering would be limited to $250,000, and states would establish mandatory systems for resolving disputes before they go to court.
Mystery and sex enter into it because a former Arkansas state employee, Paula Jones, sued Clinton, claiming he asked her to perform a sex act in a Little Rock hotel room a few years before he moved to Washington.
The minors afford a glimpse of baseball's greats before they're great.
The park, built in the days before night baseball, faces west, which means occasional sun delays.
ON MY MIND: THE POPE'S KNIGHT  (BC-ROSENTHAL-COLUMN-NYT) Wait, wait as long as you can before you write a word.
Young has released an expansive Jones biography: ``Spike Jones Off the Record: The Man Who Murdered Music'' (Past Times Publishing, P.O. Box 142, Beverly Hills, Ca. 90213; 800-677-1927.) ``The Spike Jones Anthology,'' is a two-disc set from Rhino Records of 40 City Slickers classics, including ``The Glow-Worm,'' ``All I Want For Christmas (Is My Two Front Teeth)'' and ``Rhapsody From Hunger(y).'' Only a couple of those 40 songs are duplicated on Catalyst Records' ``Spiked! The Music of Spike Jones.'' That 18-song compilation includes two never-released tracks, ``Powerhouse'' and ``Frantic Freeway,'' and other material not available on CD before.
``Whenever he hired somebody it wasn't very long before he found everything they could do.
In California, employees must vote before their workday may be extended beyond eight hours without overtime.
If so, the United States can expect many more Cubans to take desperate measures to get in before Castro opens the flood gates.
But this year -- his last before retirement -- Metzenbaum has devoted much of his energy to a problem that has been ignored for many years: misguided policies that force minority children to languish in foster care to await parents of the ``correct'' race.
NRA IS UP TO ITS OLD TRICKS  (BC-CRIME BILL-EDITORIAL-KAN-KAN) There is a lot to like and dislike in the wide-ranging anti-crime bill pending before Congress.
Walter Thompson, Gold Greenlees Trott and Collett Dickenson Pearce before joining BMP DDB Needham in 1990.
But that was before a jury that included his wife convicted a gang member of murder.
Mautino entered the legal thicket with his new policy by re-interpreting a two-year-old section of the California Code of Civil Procedure, which instructs judges to offer anonymity to jurors after a trial is over if the judge can find a ``compelling governmental interest.'' As the presiding judge In Los Cerritos Municipal Court, Mautino sees to it that all jurors are given that option before the trial begins.
Albano said he went through three judges before finding one who would hear the case.
Former major leaguers Phil Niekro, Joe Niekro and Tommy Jones manage and instruct.'' For any woman who ever played baseball as a kid but was turned away before she realized her potential, there would be an answer in Watertown.
President Ford and Secretary of State Kissinger visited Indonesia for several days just before the invasion.
What did the legislation do to ease the prison overcrowding that has resulted in some convicted criminals being released before serving their entire sentences?
In a letter to Clinton, members of Intellectual Property Creators, based in Los Altos, Calif., said legislation now before Congress to implement a global trade accord could ``rob the U.S. of its technological leadership'' by shortening the time that an invention is legally protected from copiers.
That's because investors would have less time in which to make a profit before business rivals could legally get their hands on new technology.'' Under current law, an invention is protected for 17 years after being patented.
At Belmont Park, rotted wooden beams in the platform shed were said to be ``near collapse.'' Cunningham said the audits ``cited some hazards that need to be addressed and the railroad is doing that.'' He said some of the stations cited by auditors as having the worst problems, like Jamaica and Bayside, are scheduled to be refurbished before 1996.
In a letter to Clinton, members of Intellectual Property Creators, based in Los Altos, Calif., said legislation now before Congress to implement a global trade accord could ``rob the U.S. of its technological leadership'' by shortening the time that an invention is legally protected from copiers.
That's because investors would have less time in which to make a profit before business rivals could legally get their hands on new technology.'' Under current law, an invention is protected for 17 years after being patented.
OLYMPIC ATHLETES SHOULD SIGN CONDUCT CODE EARLY, OFFICIAL SAYS WASHINGTON  (BC-OLYMPIC-COMMITTEE-COX) Athletes who hope to compete in the Olympics should have to sign a code of conduct before taking their first penny of support or first hour of training from the U.S. Olympic Committee, the organization's executive director told a Senate panel Thursday.
OLYMPIC ATHLETES SHOULD SIGN CONDUCT CODE EARLY, OFFICIAL SAYS WASHINGTON  (BC-OLYMPIC-COMMITTEE-COX) Athletes who hope to compete in the Olympics should have to sign a code of conduct before taking their first penny of support or first hour of training from the U.S. Olympic Committee, the organization's executive director told a Senate panel Thursday.
Because the Saratoga season has been lengthened by four days this year, he will have 17 days to rest before the Hopeful Stakes on Aug.
His running mates in the backcourt are 6-0 Mark Price and 6-1 Kevin Johnson, the three of them a classic testament to the superior quickness and skills the NBA successfully marketed before the advent of the dunking craze.
The brochure promises ``no pedaling required'' (there's just a little at the end) and you get lunch before the downhill plunge.
By terms of a contract with a company, Signature Rookies, signed on June 3 -- nine days before the victims were found -- Simpson agreed to sign 1,000 cards to be randomly included with cards that sell for up to $5 a pack.
But before he was jailed, he slipped out of France, going first to Switzerland in 1980, then to the Dominican Republic, Paraguay, and Spain, then back to Switzerland.
He reportedly had asked before he died that his ashes be spread over the village of Cuttoli-Corticchiato, his birthplace in southern Corsica.
The day seemed normal as Don Mattingly sat in front of his locker before the game.
``Even for these guys,'' one wag said the other day with reference to both parties, ``common sense has to prevail before too long.'' As of today, 21 of the 28 moguls must agree to a settlement that would restart the game, meaning eight votes could block a deal to play ball.
PHONE COMPANIES SEEK MORE SUBSIDIES TO FACILITATE WIRETAPPING WASHINGTON  (BC-PHONES-WIRETAPS-150&ADD-NYT) Telecommunications industry representatives testified before Congress on Thursday that the federal government was not offering enough subsidies to cover the costs of modifying digital phone equipment to permit wiretapping by law-enforcement agencies.
But unlike the tactics of scheduling bogus appointments and running up phone charges, this one never had a chance to be carried out before the conspiracy was uncovered, she said.
``I would hope everyone who works in an abortion clinic would take steps like this.'' Kate Michelman, head of the National Abortion Rights Action League, said that she had never before heard of the tactics alleged by the suit but that she was not surprised by them.
Will or Ken Burns who said: ``Whoever wants to know the heart and mind of America had better learn baseball.'' While you are searching your brain, give me some credit for a dispassionate tone; spread out before me are four tickets to Friday night's Yankee game.
He now leads a country that was one of the world's poorest, even before the war, and he fears that many of his countryman have abandoned Rwanda and its problems forever.
Lawyers in the case are to appear before Judge Donald Belfi of Nassau County Court on Aug.
In addition, current ethics rules already bar high officies from accepting any but the smallest gratuities from companies with interests before their agencies.
Even so, the new policy will allow officials to accept some kinds of travel from private interests -- for ``official business purposes,'' for example -- if government ethics experts are consulted beforehand.
TO THE KIDS, WHO WOULD PLAY FOR NOTHING, IT DOESN'T MAKE SENSE NEW YORK  (BC-BBO-LABOR-KIDS-NYT) Deep in the center-field bleachers, 13-year-old Carmelo Vazquez savored the Yankees' last game before the baseball strike and once more imagined himself a major leaguer.
``Today can't be Mattingly's last at-bat.'' The game looked beautiful on the grass as it played down to the final out before the bleacher fans -- a loss in 13 innings for the Yankees.
The playoffs, then the Yankees in the World Series,'' he predicted just before the stadium emptied.
The company's gross profit -- the earnings before accounting for the costs of marketing, engineering and administrative overhead -- totaled just 13.7 cents for every $1 in revenues during the company's fiscal fourth quarter that ended July 2.
``We have seen these pricing issues before, this is nothing new to us,'' Qureshey said.
``I think the whole thing has definitely been overstated,'' said Tom Watson, who himself is in contention with a 69 that would have been lower if -- stop us if you've heard this before -- he had been able to make a few more short putts.
He attended public schools there before enlisting in the Army Air Corps, where he served as a navigator in the final year of World War II.
Albano said he went through three judges before finding one who would hear the case.
Experts have long seen such iron-clad security as a necessary first step before commercial transactions can become common on the Internet, the global computer network.
Hollings agreed to give up a requirement that the Bell companies first face ``actual and demonstrable competition'' before entering long-distance.
Any substantial opposition could still kill the measure, given the limited time left before Congress adjourns and the ability of individual senators to tie up legislation through procedural tactics.
Although Clinton urged lawmakers to revamp the anti-crime package, some lawmakers questioned whether they can revive it before Congress' scheduled Oct.
Geren, who was lobbied by Attorney General Janet Reno and White House anti-drug czar Lee Brown before the vote, said that he never wavered in his opposition.
In trading in the secondary market, the outstanding 6\ percent 30-year bond fell as much as 15/32 percentage points just before the results of the auction were released, but recouped at the close of the New York market to finish down 29/32 at 83 25/32.
And today didn't help them.'' Democratic strategists had long been proceeding in the belief that sending members home for their summer recess before they voted on a health care bill would only feed their apprehensions by exposing them to more lobbying.
One problem was a snag in the delivery of the plastic wristbands that every concertgoer must put on before entering the 840-acre farm where the festival is being held.
David Durenberger of Minnesota said the group's thinking was ``rather than sit around and complain about other people's work, let's revisit our own.'' But he added, ``Nobody knows how many votes there are for anything.'' The obvious tactical alternatives before the group are to try to amend the Mitchell bill; amend the proposal put forward by Sen.
Since the Mitchell proposal is likely to be before the Senate and open to amendment on Friday, amending it may be the simplest device.
Some strategists said the Democrats made a tactical error and alienated potential Republican supporters when they waited until 7 p.m. Wednesday night before they gave the Republicans a copy of the language of the final bill.
Several other important economic reports are scheduled for release before Tuesday and may also influence the central bank's decision: the Consumer Price Index on Friday and the industrial production and industrial capacity utilization figures on Monday.
Now, however, a bill that would require the Council to approve a detailed merger plan for the three departments before the consolidation can happen has picked up 34 cosponsors out of a total membership of 51 lawmakers and appears to be headed for passage.
Police now doing paperwork could be on the beat.'' Nevertheless, Ms. Maloney said she signed the Rangel letter because she felt public hearings should be held before the merger goes through.
Both Showalter and owner George Steinbrenner were serious about the strike because each addressed the Yankees before they stumbled to their fifth loss in the last six games.
The new charges against Lemrick Nelson, 18, who moved to the suburbs of Atlanta after his 1992 trial, came just days before the third anniversary of the racial unrest that tarnished the image of Mayor David Dinkins and came to be a major campaign issue between him and his victorious challenger, Rudolph Giuliani.
Axam, said he knew where Nelson was but wanted to negotiate the conditions of his return to New York to insure he would not be ``treated like cattle.'' At about 5 p.m., Nelson, dressed in jeans, a yellow pullover and a navy blue cap, appeared before U.S. Magistrate Richard H.
For a moment before the hearing began, he stood at the defense table, clasping his hat in his hands and whispering to himself, his eyes closed.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) It could not be learned Thursday what new evidence had been developed over the course of the six-month investigation conducted before a federal grand jury in Brooklyn or whether more charges were expected.
Thursday's 125 spaces sold out before noon, and late arrivers were allowed to park on the lawn in front and back of the church.
Although an autopsy must be performed before an official cause of death is determined, police said they suspect that the man drowned in the stream of water from the hydrant.
25, James McManus, 23, of the Bronx, who was also indicted, told a woman on the telephone that when Giampa and Vittorio gave Sabol $10,000 the day before, Vittorio ``patted down'' Sabol, the indictment says.
But he had a real good idea how long it could go before the damage was irreparable.
In the event of a strike settlement before that, the Dodgers would promote Darren Dreifort from Class-AA San Antonio or Greg Hansell from Albuquerque until Valdes is available.
Speaking before the Committee on Science and Transportation, many of the witnesses said that while the USOC had been effective at helping produce elite athletes, it had not worked hard enough to fulfill the act's emphasis on grass-roots programs or the inclusion of women and minorities in the Olympic community.
Monterey Pop, an earlier music festival in California, drew 28,000, Lang said, ``so we figured on a maximum of 50,000.'' When it became clear in the last weeks before the 1969 festival that far larger numbers were coming, the young entrepreneurs put their remaining cash into basics to accommodate the crowd.
Monterey Pop, an earlier music festival in California, drew 28,000, Lang said, ``so we figured on a maximum of 50,000.'' When it became clear in the last weeks before the 1969 festival that far larger numbers were coming, the young entrepreneurs put their remaining cash into basics to accommodate the crowd.
In 1992, Jolie's Halo was a solid 3-1 on the tote board but took only one step out of the gate before stumbling and dumping jockey Edgar Prado -- allowing Missionary Ridge an easy wire-to-wire trip.
But not before Tony Gwynn had gotten three more hits, Jose Rijo had fanned 13 Dodgers, the Cincinnati Reds had ``clinched'' the first championship of the National League's new Central Division, and Vera Brandenburg, who has been following her team since they were the Colt 45's, had seen the Houston Astros play one more time.
Playing without Jeff Bagwell, who was leading the majors with 116 runs batted in before his left hand was broken by a pitch from Andy Benes of San Diego on Wednesday night, the Astros fell to the Padres, 8-6, in the Astrodome.
For the Colorado Rockies, for example, the premature end of the season cost them any chance to set yet another major league attendance record at Mile High Stadium before moving to their new and smaller Coors Stadium next year.
Valenzuela, a darling of the fans before the strike, was still that when the walkout ended officially with a much-delayed All-Star Game in Cleveland, the beginning of a truncated second half of the season.
And Valenzuela stood ready to start one of the final 10 games scheduled before the clock stopped where the players warned it would if the owners insisted on pushing for a salary cap.
Shortly before moving to Adelphi in Garden City, N.Y., he was a professor at the General Theological Seminary in New York City.
In two appearances, Starr contended that presidents should not be immune from all civil lawsuits based on their actions before becoming president.
SIMPSON UNDERGOES MINOR SURGERY TO TEST FOR CANCER LOS ANGELES  (BC-SIMPSON-SURGERY-100&add-LADN) O.J. Simpson was transported from his jail cell to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center before dawn for minor surgery to determine if a swollen lymph node under his armpit and night sweats are symptoms of cancer.
Jerry Reinsdorf of the White Sox, one of the owners' most inflammatory hawks, began to express misgivings about his own position more than a week before the strike began.
Hundley, who was not starting Thursday night against left-hander Fernando Valenzuela, laughed out loud when told that he would need to catch Jones in the bullpen before the game, in anticipation of the pitcher's start in two days.
Valenzuela, a darling of the fans before the strike, was still that when the walkout ended officially with a much-delayed All-Star Game in Cleveland, the beginning of a truncated second half of the season.
And Valenzuela was called on to start one of the final 10 games scheduled before the clock stopped where the players warned it would if the owners insisted on pushing for a salary cap.
King initially named the district as one of the defendants in the lawsuit against the city and police officers arising from his 1991 police beating, but U.S. District Judge John Davies dropped the district from the suit before the trial started in late March.
The specific school district officers named in the lawsuit also were dismissed from the suit before trial, Ivie said.
But not before Ken Griffey Jr. had hit a grand slam for his 40th home run, Tony Gwynn had gotten three more hits, Randy Johnson got 15 more strikeouts and the Cincinnati Reds had ``clinched'' the first championship of the National League's new Central Division.
Playing out their season in a Philadelphia rainstorm, the New York Mets battled the Phillies almost into Friday before losing, 2-1, in the bottom of the 15th inning.
Playing without Jeff Bagwell, who was leading the majors with 116 runs batted in before he broke his left hand Wednesday night, the Astros fell to the Padres, 8-6.
For the Rockies, for example, the premature end of the season cost them any chance to set yet another major league attendance record at Mile High Stadium before moving to their new and smaller Coors Stadium next year.
Junior's 40th homer of the season, a grand slam in the second inning, capped a six-run rally off Ron Darling, and the Mariners cruised to an 8-1 victory over the Oakland Athletics before 26,808.
I want to beat her before she goes away and say that I did beat her legitimately.''' That last part might be in dispute by some.
``She has done that before,'' said Navratilova of the umpire.
Many countries have informal ``watershed hours'' before which some programs may not be shown.
In America, where TV has been both less regulated and more violent than in Europe (though perhaps less violent than in Japan), no fewer than ten media-regulation bills to reduce on-screen violence, sex or both are before Congress.
Many countries have informal ``watershed hours'' before which some programs may not be shown.
In America, where TV has been both less regulated and more violent than in Europe (though perhaps less violent than in Japan), no fewer than ten media-regulation bills to reduce on-screen violence, sex or both are before Congress.
He then went one better, trumpeting another huge sale, 72 F-15s to Saudi Arabia for $9 billion, almost three weeks before Bush did.
He then went one better, trumpeting another huge sale, 72 F-15s to Saudi Arabia for $9 billion, almost three weeks before Bush did.
He then went one better, trumpeting another huge sale, 72 F-15s to Saudi Arabia for $9 billion, almost three weeks before Bush did.
``I know I said before the game that it was weird,'' A's manager Tony La Russa said.
``It's almost like somebody scripted it -- and it's a bad script -- but we're playing the last game before the strike, in the first year of divisional play, and we can tie for first.
On the day before the strike Rose got one hit to tie Musial, but couldn't get the second.
It has also been of a type that none has ever experienced before.
It has also been of a type that none has ever experienced before.
It has also been of a type that none has ever experienced before.
``Virgin clubs'' are being formed in schools around the country and purity before marriage has become the topic of magazine and television features.
``Virgin clubs'' are being formed in schools around the country and purity before marriage has become the topic of magazine and television features.
Parents are urged to learn more about the film before taking children.
He makes you wonder why no one's ever put them together in a movie before.
To have the all-time biggest concert was not to break new ground; it was to continue on a path that had been set out long before.
I was down in Austin a few weeks back and sneaked away before a meeting to play nine holes at Hancock Golf Course, which is the original Austin Country Club, where Harvey Penick first started caddying a million years ago.
``Let the (organizers) be on notice: People with HIV and AIDS will not tolerate your hypocrisy.'' The Japanese government issued statements before the conference began welcoming people with HIV and AIDS into the country.
But one HIV- infected person, who voluntarily revealed his status at Narita International Airport, was delayed several hours before being allowed into the country, ACT- UP members said.
And it might be quite some time before they have something to cheer -- or boo -- again.
``We'll just give it our best shot and see what happens.'' The Alamo Bowl made its debut last New Year's Eve, with California defeating Iowa 37-3 before 45,716 fans in the 65,000-seat Alamodome.
But, before making the offer, management once again revealed its hard hand during an owners meeting in Cincinnati in early June.
But it could be months or years before Palestinians get the kind of government they say they want.
Many countries have informal ``watershed hours'' before which some programs may not be shown.
In America, where TV has been both less regulated and more violent than in Europe (though perhaps less violent than in Japan), no fewer than ten media-regulation bills to reduce on-screen violence, sex or both are before Congress.
Many countries have informal ``watershed hours'' before which some programs may not be shown.
In America, where TV has been both less regulated and more violent than in Europe (though perhaps less violent than in Japan), no fewer than ten media-regulation bills to reduce on-screen violence, sex or both are before Congress.
He then went one better, trumpeting another huge sale, 72 F-15s to Saudi Arabia for $9 billion, almost three weeks before Bush did.
He then went one better, trumpeting another huge sale, 72 F-15s to Saudi Arabia for $9 billion, almost three weeks before Bush did.
He then went one better, trumpeting another huge sale, 72 F-15s to Saudi Arabia for $9 billion, almost three weeks before Bush did.
It has also been of a type that none has ever experienced before.
It has also been of a type that none has ever experienced before.
It has also been of a type that none has ever experienced before.
``Virgin clubs'' are being formed in schools around the country and purity before marriage has become the topic of magazine and television features.
``Virgin clubs'' are being formed in schools around the country and purity before marriage has become the topic of magazine and television features.
It's because we're better shots.'' Make sure your ears are clean before you go.
Over millions of years, the ocean basin sank into Earth's interior -- like a warm knife sinking into a butterball -- long before humans were around to appreciate its glistening waves or fear its giant ``dinosaur'' fish with ravenous appetites and beaks like buzz saws.
That kind of sensitivity would permit measurements of subtle swelling in volcanoes before they erupt and shifts of features in the Earth's crust called tectonic plates before earthquakes.
A remote outpost in Oman on the Arabian Peninsula, Ubar thrived on the trade of frankincense centuries before and after the birth of Christ.
Carmichael usually flies in from her Florida home at least 24 hours before departure, staying at the same Euless motel every time.
Q: If it was appropriate to make these payments before you went into government, why was it inappropriate to continue?
In the final analysis, I think it is not only where things are going but on the whole it will produce a more honest society than what existed before.
My brother tells me Carrey was in at least one TV series before ``In Living Color'' -- true or false?
I have boycotted baseball before.
The Harmons' vote was unanimous: Even before this latest labor dispute, big-league baseball had struck out.
``We'll max out on Newt too, before the election,'' said Paul Equale, chief lobbyist for the agents, who are fighting to keep their health insurance business alive.
1, holding them for up to two days before retreating to their bases in the Lacandon jungle.
The convention held workshops in San Cristobal de Las Casas on Saturday before departing for the jungle on Sunday.
``I want one last hurrah before I hang up my spurs.'' As he left the restaurant, a drop of rain spattered the sidewalk.
One young staffer called CRS and asked if Paul McCartney sang in any group before Wings.
Hold those Lotto numbers, and think about them during the day and as Saturday night just before 11 p.m. approaches.
Benowitz's testimony before the Drug Abuse Advisory Committee, the University of California-San Francisco researcher presented evidence that people strung out on nicotine have as much difficulty kicking the habit as those addicted to heroin or cocaine.
WHERE MOZART GOES ON VACATION  (BC-TRAVEL-MAINE-$ADV14-900&add-ART-NYT) It is opening night, three hours before curtain at Quisisana, a summer resort in western Maine, and Randy L.
The figures give no clear signal on the future direction of interest rates four days before the next meeting of the Fed's interest-rate committee.
WASHINGTON  (BC-STATES-GORE-NAT) -- Almost all the president's men have been linked in the public eye to Bill Clinton's troubles, defending his embattled policies and personal woes on television and before Congress.
Like Gore, Mondale was nationally known before he became vice president and was given more responsibility than his predecessors.
	WASHINGTON (NYT) -- It was supposed to play out very differently: Democratic strategists had hoped to come off a victory on the crime measure this week, roll into the health care debate with a little momentum and pass the leadership's bill next week before heading home for their August recess.
	That would leave a conference committee ample time to work out the differences between the House and Senate versions of the bill, setting the stage for final passage of an historic piece of social legislation before the fall elections.
Republican strategists were arguing that the voters' appetite for a major health care bill was being surpassed by their fear that Congress was being too hasty, thus easing the pressure for action before Election Day.
	SAUGERTIES, N.Y. (NYT) -- Even before the music began at Woodstock '94, the festival's much-ballyhooed security system had sprung numerous leaks.
	From the White House Friday morning, a hoarse-voiced Clinton vowed to ``fight and fight and fight until we win this battle for the American people.'' Then he climbed aboard Air Force One to join police officers at a convention here in a hastily arranged trip intended to project his fervor before a backdrop of men in blue.
To suddenly claim that gridlock is back just won't wash.'' The president, First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton and several Cabinet secretaries had stepped up their attacks on Republicans even before the crime-bill setback.
The fans woke up Friday with box scores to peruse, evidence that baseball had been played the day before.
But deep down they knew something was amiss, and it was going to get a whole lot worse before it got better, if it ever does.
While the party activists gird for battle over abortion, the GOP's elective leaders are avoiding the issue as never before.
``We played out there just a week before this tour, and it was great! We played someone's back yard with two other bands and it was just like no big deal, people kicking back on their cars and drinking beer.'' He sounds wistful, like he's conjuring up memories of years -- instead of weeks -- ago.
Other riot grrrl bands, such as Bratmobile and Bikini Kill, are touring more extensively and playing to larger audiences than ever before.
It reflected the generation before AIDS when sex was less scary, and nowadays sex is more serious and the music is reflective of that.
The person chosen, Catherine David, has been a curator at the Galerie Nationale du Jeu de Paume in Paris since 1990 and for nine years before that was a curator at the Pompidou Center.
It is Rakim's verbal dexterity as well as his calm, deep voice and dark tone that has made this song a rap classic: ``I came in the door/I said it before/I'll never let the mic magnetize me no more/But it's bitin' me/Fightin' me/Invitin' me to rhyme/I can't hold it back/I'm looking for the line/Takin' off my coat/Clearin' my throat/The rhyme will be kickin' it/Til I hit my last note.'' 
``I don't think I really knew myself before then,'' he said during a recent interview at the London office of his record label.
Friday, the Italian currency hit a historic low of 1,030 lire to the mark before rising to 1,026 amid nervous selling on the Italian stock and government bond markets.
In some ways, it is the image of the martyred Luis Donaldo Colosio Murrieta that his 42-year-old successor and former campaign manager, Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de Leon, is attempting to obliterate as he crisscrosses this vast country from one end to another before formal campaigning ends Wednesday.
But I guess I'll still vote for him.'' Many guests invited to another Zedillo rally at the sweltering Adolfo Lopez Mateos Auditorium left before the candidate arrived.
They come and go with each passing president, enjoying a moment of reflected glory before disappearing back into the human race or turning into hired guns in the lobbying racket.
In January 1989, even before the Bastille Opera was inaugurated, Daniel Barenboim was ousted as the new opera house's first music director.
Chung's abrupt dismissal now seems certain to throw the opera house into new disarray, particularly as it comes just days before Chung was to start rehearsals for Verdi's ``Simon Boccanegra,'' which was scheduled to open the Bastille's 1994-95 season on Sept.
I've done it before.'' It would have made some story for the jury, but the jury never heard it.
America West Airlines, for example, offered sharp fare cuts not long before seeking protection from creditors in bankruptcy court.
``A lot of airlines do this just before they go out of business,'' said Pat O'Brien, manager of Travel Trends in Lenexa.
``You know, life in Haiti has never been easy,'' said Guiteau Griffin, a 24-year-old street vendor in Cite Soleil who has seen his daily sales of soap and canned milk drop to one-tenth of their level before the embargo, because his customers no longer have their jobs or money to spend.
Nearly three years after Father Aristide was ousted by the military, no one here ventures to predict how much longer the country can withstand that economic isolation before a breaking point is reached.
The economy, Roy complained, has been reduced to ``a thousand women each trying to sell one gallon of gasoline by the side of the road.'' And despite efforts to accumulate large stockpiles of essential goods before the harshest phase of the sanctions went into effect in June, shortages have begun appearing.
A sack of cement now costs more than $13, compared with about $2.50 before the embargo, ``and you cannot produce at that price,'' Roy said.
	Non-irritating products like water and canola oil are used in cleaning the chapel and two hours before the service fans are turned on to help clear the air.
``Last night, we had a vote on democracy's most fundamental responsibility, and law and order lost 210-to-225,'' he said, vowing to fight on for approval of a crime bill before Congress adjourns for its Labor Day recess.
Speaking before Clinton, Thomas J.
FED UP FANS SAY THEY CAN'T TAKE IT ANYMORE  (BC-BBO-FANS-SPI) He has stood there before, in the same batting box, facing the same pitcher.
``What I hear is anger like I've never heard before,'' said Eric Yaverbaum, co-founder of Strikeback, a fan organization in New York.
A lot of strange forces were at play before the 225-210 tally that stopped the lower chamber from taking a final vote on the $33 billion measure.
Meyers broke from the GOP leadership to support placing the bill before the House.
This meeting took place /{before} Starr was officially named.
If Congress can't stand the heat, let its members go back home before they can cause any more damage.
Music could now be commercialized to an extent previously unimaginable, yet it could be more completely classicalized and sacralized than ever before, too.
The recording that has prompted all these ruminations is a Dorian CD (DOR-90184) that offers a larger helping of his work (more than 72 minutes) than has ever before appeared on disk: four motets, three chansons and a complete Mass, all sung by Pomerium, a 13-voice mixed choir conducted by Alexander Blachly, who doubles, when needed, as priestly intoner.
He spoke before the South Shore Chamber of Commerce in Quincy, Mass.
``When you go home and sit down with the rabid anti-health care people and go over the proposal line by line they say, `Oh, we didn't know that.''' But other Democrats said members should approve a health care measure before breaking for vacation.
Since learning of the suit, Hotard said American has ``been unable to locate any correspondence between Dr. Gottlieb and American stating that he was displeased in any way with our service.'' ``Most people provide a company the opportunity to right any alleged wrongs before seeking outside assistance,'' Hotard said.
He claims that when American workers tried to remove the battery before stowing the chair in the plane's cargo compartment, they had so much trouble with the chair it didn't make the flight.
Racing to Minneapolis to blast Republicans and the National Rifle Association for defeating the crime package the day before, Clinton turned the loss into a rallying cry for Democrats.
Women must change that mind-set before they can fully participate in the political system, she said.
``I hope that's before Labor Day,'' said Speaker Thomas Foley, D-Wash.
There will also be three baritones attempting Verdi a good decade before they should, a tenor bleating his way through ``Dies Bildnis,'' a couple of basses rumbling through Mozart or Rossini, and two hard-looking Carmen wannabes.
12  (BC-WOODSTOCK-NYT) Even before the music began Friday at Woodstock '94, the festival's much-ballyhooed security system had sprung several leaks.
But people come for the same reason: to have a good time.'' Concert promoters said they had already sold 185,000 tickets and predicted that they would sell an additional 15,000 before sales concluded on Saturday night.
On July 14, Faircloth said in a statement Friday, he had lunch with Judge Sentelle, without discussing any judicial matter or issue before the Senate.
But before joining Novell Frankenberg was briefed on the WordPerfect deal, while it was still being negotiated, and has said he supports Noorda's strategy.
The fear is that the virus will break loose in unwary populations before governments can gear up to combat it.
The best hope is intensive educational efforts to warn people of the danger and large-scale campaigns to promote condom use before the virus gets too deeply imbedded in the population.
``They'll hassle you, saying, `You're not the champ anymore.' So I'm going to wait till I win before going back.'' Winning Is Everything Bowe still sounded disappointed Friday over how New Yorkers were so blase after he represented his country in the Pan American Games and the Olympics.
One owner, Jerry McMorris of Colorado, said just hours before the strike began after the last game Thursday night that the cap is ``a negotiable issue.'' His comment seemed to represent a marked departure from the owners' position.
``Any time you're into a strike you're going to have emotions that are a little more tense than before,'' Fehr said when asked about the noise.
In a decade, the Old South -- where the crop had been king long before the Civil War -- has boosted its cotton acreage by more than 600 percent to more than 6.2 million acres.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) And most expressed confusion and apprehension as well as opposition to the health care bills before Congress.
12  (BC-WOODSTOCK-NYT) Even before the music began Friday at Woodstock '94, the festival's much-ballyhooed security system had sprung several leaks.
But people come for the same reason: to have a good time.'' Concert promoters said they had already sold 185,000 tickets and predicted that they would sell an additional 15,000 before sales concluded on Saturday night.
But given the recent history of those particular real estate markets, you can see that ``Western Land Company'' would suggest a far less enchanting story than ``Western Water Company.'' Enchantment is just what springs to mind when one looks at this little company's stock, which has climbed from less than $10 a share in January 1993 to more than $30 a share in mid-March, before settling back a bit to close at $24.50 last week.
But vice president John Huston, who joined the company in 1992 after ``a thorough due diligence,'' said that the 1989 crisis was ``ancient history.'' As for Jensen, he said, ``One of the reasons that I joined the company was I figured, here was a guy who had been through a test of fire and had retained the confidence of Wall Street investors who knew him before, during and after the problems.'' But such problems! The drama began on April 7, 1989, when Silberman was arrested by Federal Bureau of Investigation agents in the hallway of a Mission Bay hotel in San Diego.
``Mexico in 1994 is totally different than it has ever been before,'' said Max Garza Valle, an economics professor at the Instituto Tecnologico de Estudios Superiores de Monterrey, arguably Mexico's premier university, known widely as ``The Tec.'' ``Mexico is in a period of transition to a culture of democracy.
The report's category of most serious offenses, such as robbery, assault and drug possession, accounted for nearly a quarter of the incidents, with the city's high schools showing a 38.2 percent increase in those offenses compared with the year before.
They have asked that they be allowed to put into place a plan adopted by the school board in the spring that calls for widespread retraining of teachers and sets ambitious goals for what students should learn before they graduate.
The issue will go before an administrative law judge for a hearing.
Wheaton, a career-high No. 12 in 1991, spent the first three months of 1994 out with an hip injury and another six weeks off with a shoulder injury before returning in May.
He was a lifelong member before he quit the party in 1987.
``When you've made all the mistakes you can make, it's relatively easy because very seldom do you run into an experience you haven't had before,'' he said.
And so most modern performances of 15th-century music are basically gray with a few inexplicable splashes of shocking pink (like the weird chromaticism that comes out of nowhere about a minute before the end of Pomerium's reading of ``Victimae Paschali'').
Analysts said that in addition to having already factored in the effects of a rate rise on the order of half a percentage point before the end of the year, the market has benefitted from the solid earnings performance of many British companies.
``The U.K. is quite clearly going to raise short interest rates before the end of the year, but we have a good earnings, valuation and productivity story.'' Davidson said that the London stock market's price-to-earnings ratio of 15.7 based on projected 1994 earnings still makes it a good buy, as does its dividend yield of 4.4 percent, especially given the low levels of inflation and interest rates.
Women must change that mind-set before they can fully participate in the political system, she said.
What's more, he said, he gave up all his corporate titles at Galactic and left its board in late 1990, two years before the company, based in Vancouver, British Columbia, went bankrupt and the EPA took control of Summitville.
It was supposed to play out very differently: Democratic strategists had hoped to win on the crime measure this week, roll into the health care debate with a little momentum and pass the leadership's bill next week before heading home for the August recess.
Republican strategists were happily reporting that voters were increasingly worried that Congress was being too hasty on health care, thus easing the pressure for action before Election Day.
All of these House bills are supposed to be analyzed before the voting begins, so that members can make decisions on the basis of something other than promises.
Moreover, with Republicans daily accusing Democrats of irresponsibly rushing through the health care legislation, Democrats have no desire to give them another issue by moving for a vote before the budget analyses are ready.
She currently plans to play four WTA Tour events this fall before ending her singles career at the Virginia Slims Championships in November.
The company spent millions on the idea before dropping it and then tried, without success, to sell the property to other mining companies, eventually abandoning the site, says John King, a geologist who oversaw Anaconda's exploration of Summitville at the time.
But many obstacles remain before the agreement to reduce tariffs and other trade barriers, which was reached in December, can become part of U.S. law.
And Rey, like his father and grandfather before him, spends most of each rally pouring rums and uncapping beers for locals and visitors taking refuge from the pep and promises outside.
``We may need another six years of the PRI for everyone to have had their fill.'' A week before the Aug.
From the White House on Friday morning, Clinton, speaking hoarsely, vowed to ``fight and fight and fight until we win this battle for the American people.'' Then he boarded Air Force One to join police officers at a convention here in a hastily arranged trip intended to project his fervor before a backdrop of men in blue.
But while there seemed to be progress, including the first consideration of amendments to Mitchell's bill, there were also threats from some Republicans that they wanted to speak for three or four hours each before any vote.
Yeltsin has been outspoken in his defense of Russians outside Russia for two years now, well before Vladimir Zhirinovsky won nearly 24 percent of the party-preference vote in parliamentary elections in December.
The statement Saturday was also the clearest signal that North Korea's new leadership is ready to pursue the more flexible approach seemingly adopted by North Korea's longtime ruler, Kim Il Sung, shortly before his unexpected death a month ago.
House Speaker Thomas Foley of Washington said that crime legislation and the procedural hurdle that blocked it this week would be the main order of business before the House beginning Tuesday, and he predicted that one way or another the bill would get to the floor.
But it has been done before.
Racing to Minneapolis to blast Republicans and the National Rifle Association for defeating the crime package the day before, Clinton turned the loss into a rallying cry for Democrats.
At Beadle's Pharmacy, pharmacist William Voerg filled one emergency prescription even before the concert started: anti-inflammatory medication for grounds crew workers who got into poison ivy on the site.
Quite a relief.'' With final decision in the case still unsettled pending the 4th Circuit appeal and then, almost certainly, another appeal before the Supreme Court, Hall had another view of the case.
The indictment was unusual in that it was handed up by a grand jury even before Hill's being tried on murder charges under Florida law.
In this case, however, because of the federal speedy trial law, Hill will probably be tried on the federal charges before facing a trial in state court on murder.
QUICK START FOR U.S. AGAINST AFRICA DURHAM, N.C.  (BC-RUN-PANAFRICA-NYT) After a week-long buildup and a gap of nearly 11 years, the United States and Africa began their two-day competition this evening before a sparse but enthusiastic crowd at Wallace Wade Stadium at Duke University.
``It's a time in which Republicans and Democrats can come together and work together for the good of the country,'' Giuliani told the National Association of Police Officers in Minneapolis, where he spoke before President Clinton.
Many elderly people here expressed some annoyance that the American Association of Retired Persons announced support for the Democratic bills now before Congress.
(Paul Lewis/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT10) SAUGERTIES, N.Y. -- August 12, 1994 -- WOODSTOCK-2, 8-12 -- Even before the music began Friday at Woodstock '94, the festival's much-ballyhooed security system had sprung several leaks: Many of the more than 100,000 concertgoers who had arrived claimed they had been admitted without their tickets having been checked.
Many elderly people here expressed some annoyance that the American Association of Retired Persons announced support for the Democratic bills now before Congress.
(Paul Lewis/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT10) SAUGERTIES, N.Y. -- August 12, 1994 -- WOODSTOCK-2, 8-12 -- Even before the music began Friday at Woodstock '94, the festival's much-ballyhooed security system had sprung several leaks: Many of the more than 100,000 concertgoers who had arrived claimed they had been admitted without their tickets having been checked.
23, the day before Thanksgiving, or on Nov.
In recent months, airline industry analysts have suggested that travelers wait until discounts reach at least 30 percent before buying tickets for a planned trip.
Many elderly people here expressed some annoyance that the American Association of Retired Persons announced support for the Democratic bills now before Congress.
(Paul Lewis/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT10) SAUGERTIES, N.Y. -- August 12, 1994 -- WOODSTOCK-2, 8-12 -- Even before the music began Friday at Woodstock '94, the festival's much-ballyhooed security system had sprung several leaks: Many of the more than 100,000 concertgoers who had arrived claimed they had been admitted without their tickets having been checked.
Many elderly people here expressed some annoyance that the American Association of Retired Persons announced support for the Democratic bills now before Congress.
(Paul Lewis/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT10) SAUGERTIES, N.Y. -- August 12, 1994 -- WOODSTOCK-2, 8-12 -- Even before the music began Friday at Woodstock '94, the festival's much-ballyhooed security system had sprung several leaks: Many of the more than 100,000 concertgoers who had arrived claimed they had been admitted without their tickets having been checked.
For example, the producer price index, which measures inflation pressures before they reach the consumer, jumped 0.5 percent in July.
The investigation will continue for several more weeks before the board releases its findings on the probable causes of the rupture and explosion and any recommendations to prevent a recurrence.
There is no faster way to do it.'' The National Transportation Safety Board's documents shed no new light on how the 36-inch main was damaged sometime before the March explosion.
In all, the Safety Board said, about 297.5 million cubic feet of gas escaped and fed the fireball before all four valves were turned off.
Senators were eager to put Ms. Yellen on the board before next Tuesday's meeting of the central bank's committee that sets interest rate policy.
It is standard procedure for the Senate to try to hold votes on Federal Reserve nominees before they are next needed at a committee meeting, and Ms. Yellen is particularly popular because she expressed limited enthusiasm at her confirmation hearing for raising interest rates to control inflation.
And if the strike is not settled before the scheduled end of the regular season on Oct.
But she said that the tourist industry would not be hurt if the strike ends before October because regular-season games draw relatively few out-of-town visitors.
The prosecutor, Katherine Monahan, assistant U.S. attorney in Atlanta, spoke after a hearing before a federal magistrate in Atlanta on a motion by The New York Times to make public the details of Nelson's detention hearing on Thursday and any records in the case.
Police testified at Nelson's trial that he was taken before the dying victim who identified him and spat at him.
Showalter arrived at the Stadium at 11 a.m., eight hours and five minutes before the scheduled first pitch of a game against the Toronto Blue Jays that everyone else realized would be canceled.
13, one week before jury selection begins in the case.
Burden, who was in her 40s before she was brought into the foundation, does not want the same thing to happen again.
He also said Saddam ``showed his love for the Shiites by personally donating 200 pounds of gold and 300 pounds of silver'' for re-gilding minarets and cupolas ``so that we can make the mosque even more beautiful than before.'' The immense tract of bare earth now surrounding the mosques and the unrepaired ruins beyond were caused by ``the bombs and rockets of the American aggression,'' he said, referring to the gulf air war although the allies did not bomb anywhere near these religious sites.
Though the team lost four of its last five games before the strike, the Royals' 14-game winning streak before that launched them into contention in the wild-card and division races.
That will be imperative against quarterbacks who take a three-step drop before throwing.
He threw a short pass into the middle, and Mitchell grabbed it and ran away from defenders for a 65-yard gain before safety Charles Mincy ran him down at the Chiefs' 6.
The Chiefs' first scoring threat came right before the end of the first quarter, when quarterback Joe Montana was doing a little deep passing of his own.
``I'm just helping out,'' McDowell said 30 minutes before closing time.
The big surprise Friday was Frazier's win over Martinez, who had looked invincible the night before in beating Elena Likhovtseva 6-0, 6-0.
They'll be tinkering with that one for a while before we say they've reinvented television.
And then it will just be a matter of time before they try to slip in a commercial box.
The relentless doses of testosterone Fox will serve up on its Sunday schedule could start to wear on us all before the season ends.
Clinton flew to Minneapolis, where he delivered an angry, stinging rebuke to crime bill opponents before an audience of police officers.
``I think it reflects the Senator's desire to meet with as many colleagues as possible to look for ways to make the plan before the Senate a much better bill,'' Chandler said.
In 1990, a wide-ranging bill similar to the one that Clinton is fighting for now was stripped down to its bare bones before President Bush signed it.
In 1986 and 1988, votes just before elections brought about the passage of drug-control measures that authorized only $4 billion in new spending and focused on increasing federal penalties for drug crimes.
They come and go with each passing president, enjoying a moment of reflected glory before disappearing back into the human race or turning into hired guns in the lobbying racket.
I've done it before.'' It would have made some story for the jury, but the jury never heard it.
	Non-irritating products like water and canola oil are used in cleaning the chapel and two hours before the service fans are turned on to help clear the air.
The Vatican Takes On The Population Planners With only a few weeks left before a major world population conference in Cairo, Pope John Paul II has marshalled his diplomatic divisions for what some see as his most heartfelt campaign since his crusade against Communism.
	Non-irritating products like water and canola oil are used in cleaning the chapel and two hours before the service fans are turned on to help clear the air.
In its original form, it strongly resembled a Japanese show of the mid-1970s, ``Punch-de Date-o'' (``Push-button Date''), in that the producers arranged the match beforehand.
No longer do members of Congress fear, as they did only a few months ago, that if they do nothing before adjourning this fall, they will be in trouble at the polls in November.
Yet a week before the presidential election that will provide a crucial test of Mexico's democratic progress, the role of the United States in this country's politics has at the very least been extremely discreet.
With NAFTA in place, gringo eyes are on Mexican politics as never before.
``Haiti's human and material resources are either in such short supply or have been so degraded by poverty, illiteracy, malnutrition, disease, violence, corruption, overpopulation, rapid urbanization, deforestation and soil erosion as to raise serious questions about its continued survival as a society and as an independent nation-state.'' Even before the current crisis erupted over the military's refusal to restore the elected government of President Jean-Bertrand Aristide to power, Haiti was the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere, with a per capita income of $370 a year.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) In a country of roughly 7 million people, there are fewer than 1,000 doctors, which helps explain why life expectancy is a mere 56 years, one in every eight babies dies before reaching the age of 1, and 70 percent of all children are estimated to suffer from some form of malnutrition.
But before residents of the capital could close up shop early Friday and the wealthier among them head for their weekend homes and country clubs to commemorate the death of Jose de San Martin, the South American revolutionary, the office of President Carlos Saul Menem broadcast the warning on radio and television.
Rizzo also shows how to use a Thomas Guide, how to create a driver's emergency kit with a compass, sneakers, water, a cap and a flashlight, and how to drive so that you can see a traffic jam before you're stuck in it.
In any case, he structures it as a lawyer's plea -- presenting evidence he feels should be considered before history makes judgments about him.
It's just more posturing in a case that's going to get more absurd before it starts making sense.
But before the House can begin to create an acceptable bill, members need the freedom to amend the bills that their leaders will put before them.
``Several weeks prior to all of this he said something about some relatives of his who he was afraid were going to torch his house before he was ready,'' said Ms. Stimson.
Rosenblum said that before the stabbings his client had become convinced that his ailing 79-year-old mother, Florence Mary Silva, had died.
I waited for the grilse to return to its lie before I cast the same length of line.
``I can't stay at home because of this incident,'' Ngendakumana said as he unpacked dozens of Western-style dresses from a huge metal chest and arranged them on hangers before suspending them from the latticework that serves as the shop roof.
Two weeks before the first injury, he intercepted a pass and returned it 90 yards for a touchdown against the Dolphins.
A week before the second injury, he had a career-high 11 tackles (9 solo) against the Chargers.
He spent two months in California before returning to Indianapolis for a minicamp in May.
He hopes to avoid future injuries by playing at 275 pounds (30 pounds lighter than before), increasing his upper-body strength and getting more flexibility and agility in his legs for greater lateral movement.
``The year before I came we won just one game and everybody was looking at me because I was the No. 1 pick to turn things around.
``Knowing there's no television here, maybe they'll think twice before committing a crime,'' said Sgt.
This is a team that shortly before losing its last six games lost three in a row and added half a game to its lead.
Step Into the Unknown: Things We'll Never Know If Tony Gwynn would hit .400 in a full season; If Matt Williams, Ken Griffey Jr., Frank Thomas, Barry Bonds or Albert Belle would hit 62 home runs; If three or more of those hitters would hit 50 or more home runs, marking the first time that has happened in a season; If Jim Deshaies would give up more home runs than any of those hitters would hit; If Thomas or Belle could win the Triple Crown; If Otis Nixon, Rickey Henderson or Ray Lankford would ground into a double play; If Greg Maddux could maintain over the entire season the single most remarkable performance of the pre-strike season, a 1.56 earned run average in a year of soaring earned run averages; If Bret Saberhagen could maintain his historic 11 to 1 strikeouts-to-walks ratio; If the Colorado Rockies could smash their own major-league attendance record before they move to a smaller park next year; If the Texas Rangers could get to .500; If the Cleveland Indians would play a post-season game for the first time since 1954; If Don Mattingly would play a post-season game for the first time.
The requirement used to be a simple majority, just as it was before a strike.
Jerry Reinsdorf of the Chicago White Sox was one owner who was suggesting before the strike that the players would be wise to work out an agreement before they reached the walkout point to avoid triggering the three-fourths rule.
Exxon, meanwhile, unleashed its vast coffers in an effort to smother the plaintiffs' case before it reached trial.
A fourth phase, a catchall for plaintiffs not covered by the three other phases, may be tried before a separate jury, possibly as early as the fall.
Any words from his father right before the fight?
But in the bill he laid before the Senate on Tuesday, Mitchell made so many concessions to conservative Democrats and moderate Republicans that he undercut his base, confusing and dividing his old allies.
But a week before Zelle was supposed to sell his coins and emeralds, the company disappeared, and an appraiser told him that his new emeralds were worth only $900.
He hired salespeople who called investors and insisted that the gemstone owners send in the certificates of authenticity before the exchange would agree to sell the investor's stones.
He said he was initially contacted by the company in July 1992 and asked whether he wished to sell gemstones purchased years before.
15, just seven weeks before voters choose a governor and senator, 52 members of the House and 100 state legislators the trial seems certain to grip public attention for months.
8, and the day before.
Pete Wilson, a Republican being challenged by state Treasurer Kathleen Brown, said this week that the trial should proceed, adding, ``The idea that the election will be disrupted and people won't vote is ridiculous.'' John Whitehurst, a spokesman for Ms. Brown, agreed, predicting that voters would remain ``fully committed to the most important California elections in this century.'' But even with a firm belief that voters will find time to cast ballots despite the Simpson trial, many campaign leaders worry that news organizations will so focus on the proceeding in the weeks before the election that it could deprive voters of information about candidates and ballot propositions.
Dianne Feinstein, suggested that they debate before the trial begins.
Others are attracted to the trial's potentially huge audience but admit it might be risky to put a law-and-order message before an audience clearly divided about Simpson's guilt or innocence.
But a week before Zelle was supposed to sell his coins and emeralds, the company disappeared, and an appraiser told him that his new emeralds were worth only $900.
He hired salespeople who called investors and insisted that the gemstone owners send in the certificates of authenticity before the exchange would agree to sell the investor's stones.
He said he was initially contacted by the company in July 1992 and asked whether he wished to sell gemstones purchased years before.
Then he coached club teams in Qatar and Egypt, then back to Qatar before being named head coach of the Egyptian national team.
Howe learned about unions before he learned to grip a curveball.
truck and coach plant in Pontiac, Mich., for 25 years and was promoted to a desk job for five years before his mandatory retirement six years ago.
For too many people at the three-day event, it seemed to be primarily a very big concert with a very big budget before a very big crowd.
``We were fenced in and there were lots of rules there,'' said Walter Meyer, 17, of Livingston Manor, N.Y. Music, most by local bands playing on a ramshackle wooden stage, went on all night ending a little before 7 a.m., then resuming just after noon.
The mark of any successful person is to anticipate a problem and solve it before it gets too critical.
The night before, the crowd was estimated at the capacity.
``I had never eaten spaghetti before,'' he said.
``I thought I knew the game before I got here,'' said Ryan Beeney, a Yankee shortstop.
``Progress has been made, but the lion's share of work is before us,'' said a White House official.
``We'll judge the North Koreans by their performance.'' Concerned that the North Koreans might fail to deliver on some of their promises, as has happened several times before, administration officials declined Saturday to trumpet the agreement as a major breakthrough.
At the same time, however, one North Korean official in Geneva vowed before the accord was reached never to permit such inspections.
``It's important to implement everything that needs to be implemented on the North Korean side before we start giving away things.'' After repeated criticisms over the administration's policy on North Korea, officials took pains Saturday to assert that they were not being naive and would demand actions and not just words.
23, American officials said they were certain there would be a multitude of low-level contacts before then.
They said you can have religion afterwards.'' Ndutiye said every morning for days before the massacres, mobs roamed the town beating on drums and blowing whistles, calling men out of their houses to join them.
Hutu and Tutsi lived peaceably in the region before the violence broke out.
Altman testified a week ago before the Senate Banking Committee that he had made poor judgments and apologized, but he said he had not intentionally withheld any information.
Even before the hearings began, officials in the Treasury Department and the White House said they expected that either Altman or Ms. Hanson or both would have to leave because the clashes between their testimony would make it impossible for them to work together afterward.
Despite the crowd's enthusiasm, and the outpouring of emotion at the candidate's rallies all over Mexico in these last days before the election, polls and other measures of support indicate that it may be Cardenas's chances of being elected president that will be interred on Aug.
Lawyers on both sides of the case said the government may drop cases before trial for many reasons, or even change its mind after a trial if the law has changed in the meantime.
``I've never seen it before, but that doesn't mean anything,'' said David Rubin of Piscataway, the Board of Education's lawyer.
Ms. Molinari said that the mayor had not contacted her -- either before flying to Washington or since returning.
Brooks has twice as many reads as before and is having problems absorbing all of the schemes.
Altman testified a week ago before the Senate Banking Committee that he had made poor judgments and apologized, but he said he had not intentionally withheld any information.
Even before the hearings began, officials in the Treasury Department and the White House said they expected that either Altman or Ms. Hanson or both would have to leave because the clashes between their testimony would make it impossible for them to work together afterward.
It was the union.'' Fehr also declined to identify the mediation team, but the names they signed on a building sign-in register before one of the meetings were John Martin, Brian Flores, Wilma Lieberman and Steve Rosenthal.
A federal mediator, Kenneth Moffett, was involved in the 1981 dispute that resulted in a 50-day strike, but he was unable to bring the two sides to agreement before they were ready to do it on their own.
The owners want the salary cap so they would know what their payrolls costs are before actually signing players.
It's the music, the whole shot 'n' sheransky.'' Despite the threats of body searches, drug-sniffing dogs, metal detectors and bag inspections made by concert promoters weeks before the festival, contraband was bountiful.
``I'm not a person who gets surprised by a whole lot of things,'' said Chang, who recalled that he had notched a personal-best 15 aces in a match twice before.
Jordan said he was looking into rumors that four more Cuban players were ready to defect before the end of the tournament on Sunday.
You have to know where you stand.'' In the two major championships before the PGA, two young players have stood on the verge of victory and not known it because they didn't look at the leaderboards.
Rotella, who counsels players to concentrate on one shot at a time, to think neither about what happened before nor what might happen in the future, said there are other points to consider.
But Republicans insisted that up to 27 more of them wanted to make speeches before moving on to voting.
The people flanking Lakeway acknowledged before she made her Saratoga debut that they were tempting fate.
``On paper, I don't think we're in the same league,'' said Michael Stidham, the trainer of Two Altazana, considered the main threat to Lakeway before the Alabama.
The $33 billion anti-crime bill that came before the House on Thursday was a patchwork quilt of legislation -- imperfect in shape and stitch to many of its beholders.
Investigators were looking into the possibility that, on separate occasions, Rovinson took the women to his apartment, where they took drugs before he strangled them and discarded their bodies.
The sale of the Kings came off despite the last-minute attempt by Credit Lyonnais and other lenders to stop it by forcing McNall -- whom they accused of purposely keeping them in the dark -- into bankruptcy three days before, according to court records.
Norman didn't exactly charge into contention -- he went 10 holes before his first birdie of the day -- but the Australian moved steadily and relentlessly toward Price, like a shark circling a swimmer.
It's totally unfair.'' Morris had taken to joining the club only the day before he pitched and for game days, leaving immediately afterward to harvest wheat at his farm near Great Falls, Mont.
The sale of the Kings came off despite the last-minute attempt by Credit Lyonnais and other lenders to stop it by forcing McNall -- whom they accused of purposely keeping them in the dark -- into bankruptcy three days before, according to court records.
``I don't remember ever making two triples in the same tournament before,'' Haas said.
13, the week before jury selection in the case.
But the Huskies didn't have a scholarship, and Jones entered the summer before his freshman year in college without a destination.
``I have much more motivation now than before I was married,'' Jones said.
I would like to contend before the year is out.'' BRIEFLY According to the formula used in tabulating the world rankings, Norman must finish third or higher to retain his status as the world's top-ranked golfer if Price wins Sunday.
Just how many more times can he and his fans watch a three-footer lip out before one buys an AK-47 and puts all of them out of their misery?
Greenwich, Conn., rejected a plea from a community group called Project Quiet Yards for a total ban, but in March adopted restrictions on the use of leaf blowers before 8 a.m. or after 7 p.m. on weekdays, and greater restrictions on weekends.
The nine-story Gramercy was completed at the southeast corner of Gramercy Park in 1883, a year before the Dakota.
By heading first to the waters off Newport, R.I., the coastal city where the BOC race began and ended in the previous three competitions, Adams will be tuning his boat in a familiar place before heading to Charleston later this month.
He caught a 12-yard pass for a touchdown from Vince Evans 56 seconds before halftime to tie the score at 14.
 (BC-TEN-SLIMS-LADN) Ann Grossman and Amy Frazier, two baseline bashers from the Midwest, have been friends since before they were teen-agers.
Exxon, meanwhile, unleashed its vast coffers in an effort to smother the plaintiffs' case before it reached trial.
A fourth phase, a catchall for plaintiffs not covered by the three other phases, may be tried before a separate jury, possibly as early as the fall.
But a week before Zelle was supposed to sell his coins and emeralds, the company disappeared, and an appraiser told him that his new emeralds were worth only $900.
He hired salespeople who called investors and insisted that the gemstone owners send in the certificates of authenticity before the exchange would agree to sell the investor's stones.
He said he was initially contacted by the company in July 1992 and asked whether he wished to sell gemstones purchased years before.
	Just before he kills himself, a lawyer reveals a 	deadly secret to an 11-year-old boy.
It must come from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office before the House debate can begin.
Nearly 20 years before the rise of the music video, the Who was turning rock-and-roll into drama with exploding flash pots, flamboyant performance techniques and outrageous mod costumes (frilly shirts, flared pants, two-tone shoes, jackets with five-inch side vents).
He said PRI-controlled media engineered a blackout of Fernandez events during the critical week before the close of the campaign.
But never before have they faced competition, and soon they will.
Lesser described a patient who had surgery for a kidney stone and who insisted that he had never had the problem before.
REEVES' GIANTS ARE MAKING HEADWAY BERLIN  (BC-FBN-GIANTS-550&ADD-NYT) The way the story goes, it was the day before the Giants would play San Diego in the American Bowl, and the New York coaching staff had a golf outing with some officers from the U.S. Army.
And in the two decades before his death in 1926, he dedicated himself almost entirely to the water lilies in his beloved garden at Giverny.
When he came back the following year, he became more conservative.'' In 1892, he painted only two somber, head-on studies before he was forced to move to new quarters, where he viewed the cathedral from a slight angle.
If it arrives at your left ear before your right ear, that tells you it's off to the left.'' Sound is also filtered by the skull and the ear itself.
They know when members of the family move and odd bits of history about Stratton's life in Chicago, before she moved to Kansas City.
Stratton said she realized their family wasn't always stable, moving at least four times before Jody was 14.
``If a guy is off, you take advantage of it.'' The 22-year-old nevertheless feels he needs plenty of practice before the U.S. Open, which starts Aug.
 (BC-BBO-FANS-2NDTAKE-NYT) In Denver, where the second-year expansion Colorado Rockies were rolling toward a major league attendance record before the strike, a fan poll of sorts was taken outside Mile High Stadium the other night.
But he is making that much money, he said, because other big leaguers before him stood up to the owners and went out on strike.
METS' MINOR LEAGUE PROSPECT IS ZANY BUT TALENTED HARRISBURG, Pa.  (BC-BBO-METS-MINORS-526(2TAKES)-NYT) Jason Isringhausen had heard about the pitching staff at the Mets' Class AA affiliate in Binghamton, N.Y., before the organization promoted him from Class A ball six weeks ago.
He must circle the mound once before stepping on the pitching rubber at the start of each inning, and he must be on grass, not dirt, when he catches a ball thrown to him by an infielder.
He always looks at his feet for the last two lines of the national anthem, he wears his cap pulled down very low -- lower, even, than the Mets' rookie Jason Jacome, another combat-boot-wearing prospect -- and he always takes the cap off before he reaches the dugout.
Unless, of course, something untoward happens before then.
Rothermel, who had never had to deal with that voracious insect before, quickly accepted Allerton's suggestion to spray the 10 affected acres.
Shove the dish into the oven 30 minutes before the turkey is done.
In 1937, she became a judge in Iroquois County before being elected to the House of Representatives in 1938.
She was also among more than 100 representatives who voted, only months before the attack on Pearl Harbor, against extending the draft for a year.
``If a guy is off, you take advantage of it.'' The 22-year-old nevertheless feels he needs plenty of practice before the U.S. Open, which starts Aug.
The resignation also came the day before the 49th anniversary of Japan's surrender, a time that has always elicited mixed emotions in a country that clings to an ambiguous attitude toward its war record.
4, Natural Gas Clearinghouse announced a deal to acquire Trident NGL Holdings Inc., another natural gas business, for 12 times its earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, a standard measure of cash flow.
``They wanted to be two schoolteachers who would share a life of studying science and teaching.'' 	Though Mileva and Einstein had a child shortly before their marriage in 1902 and two sons after, they were divorced in 1919.
He must get that legislation into harbor before the liberal ship sinks, an event scheduled for Election Day.
Massive change must be irreversible before the anticipated reverses.
It was ``an idea'' as much as a company, he said in a statement at the company's first performance, a project that would make use of ``the specific quality and understanding of the interpreter at this very point of his or her life, not before and not after.'' The dancers, who also include Gerard Lemaitre,'' commit to two projects a year, each entailing five months' work on new choreography.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) The president maintains that the reunification of Korea, divided after World War II, must be gradual, with the governments cooperating economically before they join politically.
Based on movements toward the border from the area controlled by the French that began last month, when it became clear that the French would be leaving, there had been fears that up to half a million might cross the border in the coming week, before the French leave on Aug.
The only signs of life are a few wooden shacks that were there long before the railroad.
Miss Boyarskaya, a high school graduate, said that before applying for the job, she pored over magazines and newspaper articles to learn the proper demeanor.
Why did the United States not try to take us out of the country before saying it would invade?' '' said Fagenes, a political organizer for Aristide who was pistol-whipped and left for dead when soldiers stormed the Sacred Heart Church during a Mass to pray for Aristide on Sept.
One news agency calls it ``the early run,'' since 4 a.m. is considered the killing hour, and the bodies are usually taken to isolated areas and dumped before the sun rises.
``The negative was scratched, the splices were falling apart, and there were no usable main titles,'' said Harris, who worked on the restoration of Abel Gance's ``Napoleon'' and David Lean's ``Lawrence of Arabia.'' The three color separations, which had to be recombined for the full-color version of the film, were seriously defective, in part because Warner Brother had for some reason begun running off duplicates before it made the separations.
Only a month before a general election, the Conservative government of Prime Minister Carl Bildt is trailing its left-wing Social Democratic rivals.
Thousands of people, hauling rain-sodden bedding and wearing garbage-bag ponchos, found themselves forced to stand in a mile-long line for hours before they were able to board shuttle buses that took them to parking lots as far as 30 miles away.
Just before they hit the stage, the crowd was pummeled with the second big rainstorm of the day, but even that wasn't about to slow down the juggernaut that is Aerosmith.
Appropriately enough, Aerosmith returned for an encore with a crunching rendition of the Beatles' ``Come Together'' before wrapping things up at the end of a two-hour blitz with ``Living on the Edge.'' At 3:30 a.m. -- after 15 1/2 hours of non-stop music -- the Woodstock '94 nation was drenched, exhausted and covered with mud.
Such as when Peter Angelos, George Steinbrenner, Jerry McMorris, owners all, seemed to break from management's position even before the players went on strike after games played last Thursday.
Dunlap, who came out of retirement to join Scott in April, trained as a paratrooper before he graduated from West Point in 1960.
The stock is now trading for more than $60, not only because Wall Street loves blood, but because Dunlap ``has been extremely successful in restructuring and is very conservative about the balance sheet,'' said Kathryn McAuley, an analyst who follows Scott for Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. Dunlap said earlier this month that his shrinking of Scott would save $420 million in operating costs next year before taxes.
On Monday, the Fed is scheduled to issue its estimates of capacity utilization and industrial production for July, the last important indicators it will see before the rate meeting Tuesday.
``It's the last great party before the end of the summer,'' said Jackie Eddy, who will be a senior at Villanova in the fall, as she arrived on Thursday from Valparaiso, Ind., with a new friend, Phil West.
And while Russia failed miserably to replicate a Friday night effort against the United States that made Coach Don Nelson's coaching life flash before him, it leaves with NBA scouts in pursuit of its two veteran guards, Sergei Bazarevich and Sergei Babkov, among other promising young players.
But Sunday's victory was a given before O'Neal left the bench.
Coleman, who would collect 13 points, 3 rebounds and 2 assists in 10 minutes before taking a seat for the rest of the game, scored again, Kemp added 6 points, while Miller and Dumars drained three.
``Sarnoff has never done anything like this before,'' said Ghosh, who came to the United States from India in 1979 to do advanced research.
Chilton broke her leg a month before the concert, which added a thigh-to-foot cast to her Woodstock experience.
``These changes that have been carried out before the election have been made in a very complicated political context and in a scarcely favorable economic situation.
Just 86 days before the midterm elections, nobody knows when the Senate will finish its work or when the House will begin.
John Chafee, R-R.I. and active in the mainstream group, was ``a very promising and positive step.'' On the House side, meanwhile, it is considered less and less likely that the health care bill will come to the floor before the Senate has largely -- if not entirely -- written its version of the bill.
But even before the defeat on the crime bill, Democratic leaders said they would put off the health care bill indefinitely because they did not have the necessary analyses from a badly overloaded Congressional Budget Office -- although some suggested that they also did not have the votes.
Already, there is speculation that the Gephardt plan will undergo substantial revision before it comes to the floor, although Gephardt himself dismisses the idea.
``Everything was quiet before.
``There was a lot of hidden racism here before the incident,'' said the Rev.
It was real quiet here til you all came.'' What were race relations like here before, Strain was asked?
Can't you help make us whole again?'' Ms. Sledge's three children graduated from Randolph County High School, like their mother and grandmother before them, and they too are grieved by the turn of events here.
This week, for example, Wortham asked Humphries's help in reinstalling computers before the start of school later this month in 14 portable classrooms.
With the 56 draw, Diamond had to schedule her, with great results for Grossman but lousy results for Navratilova, who was playing her last L.A. tournament before retiring.
-- If a most unhip company like Procter & Gamble can sponsor a promotional program featuring MTV Music merchandise, how long will it be before plastic pocket protectors come festooned with logos for Sega, Nike, the Rolling Stones and Pearl Jam?
``I just like hanging around these people,'' says John Luther, 12, of Woodstock, who got his parents' permission before camping out with the Rainbow people by himself for the weekend.
``I've been pretty down the last two or three days because the Congress voted that crime bill down, not because it's the answer to all life's problems'' Clinton said, ``but because this country's literally coming apart at the seams before millions of our young people.
He now has two games to correct the problem before the regular season starts for the Jets (1-1).
``I had worked on it before the game and I knew I was going to be kicking off in the second half,'' Meola said.
It's important that she's been in big meets like this before, because she will know how to handle herself.'' The coach might have been worried.
If we make mistakes, we can't buy ourselves out.'' The Expos were in Pittsburgh as Brochu spoke, playing their final game before the players strike, which began after games ended Thursday night.
The week before, Boris Becker had little trouble in beating Mark Woodforde in straight sets in the L.A. Open final at UCLA.
How long will it be before major Las Vegas casinos own the best tracks?
He must get that legislation into harbor before the liberal ship sinks, an event scheduled for Election Day.
Massive change must be irreversible before the anticipated reverses.
WOODSTOCK '94 GENERATION HAPPILY PACKS IT IN EARLY SAUGERTIES, N.Y.  (BC-WOODSTOCK-TEX) ``It's brilliant, this festival, but this is a bad day,'' said Heidi Lewis, huddling under a mud-encrusted sleeping bag with her boyfriend, watching the parade of Woodstockers passing endlessly before her.
More and more ground began to reappear hours before the scheduled ending last night as dozens of the tents that filled the meadows and woods near the two stages were packed up and people formed huge crowds waiting for the buses that would take them back to their cars.
But even those who tried for a midnight run didn't get on a bus until 5 a.m. Cheryl Marino and Hank Ahearn waited four hours for their shuttle back to Rhinebeck, N.Y., before they gave up and spent money for charter bus tickets to Kingston.
But even those who tried for a midnight run didn't get on a bus until 5 a.m. Cheryl Marino and Hank Ahearn waited four hours for their shuttle back to Rhinebeck, N.Y., before they gave up and spent money for charter bus tickets to Kingston.
Members of The Big Apple team, made up of New York City firefighters and college students, faithfully gorged on tofu stew and buns filled with sweet red bean paste before their race.
Michael Levin, a team member who raced in Hong Kong in 1991, went a step further and gobbled down a sweet rice dumpling before the race.
The stewards wound up examining three printings of the photo -- each lighter than the last -- before posting ``6'' over ``5'' on the tote board.
``After a hard race like this, we'll sit back about a week (before making a schedule).'' He said a possibility is Belmont Park's Sept.
On the conference agenda, sometime before the seminar on lock-picking, was a group discussion on how to crack the the code on the Metrocard, the new plastic card recently introduced in dozens of subway stations.
 (BC-KOREA-NUKE-1STLD-WRITETHRU-2NDTAKE-NYT) The president maintained that the reunification of Korea, which was divided after World War II, must be gradual, with the governments cooperating economically before they join politically.
``Everything came late for me because I signed two days before the rookies came into camp,'' Nagle said.
``The other guys were here months before me.
But I've just got to get comfortable in the system as quickly as possible.'' He said he didn't bear a grudge against the Jets for the way they strung him along, before they finally released him a few weeks before the start of training camp.
``But it will be quite a scene.'' One precaution: Gates open at 3 p.m., four hours before kickoff.
As with presentations he'd given before, the coach figured his fire-and-brimstone delivery, punctuated by his time-tested down-home humor, would knock 'em dead.
These Cowboys visited London last year and Tokyo the year before.
	Just before he kills himself, a lawyer reveals a 	deadly secret to an 11-year-old boy.
But never before have they faced competition, and soon they will.
Lesser described a patient who had surgery for a kidney stone and who insisted that he had never had the problem before.
In 1990, a wide-ranging bill similar to the one that Clinton is fighting for now was stripped down to its bare bones before President Bush signed it.
In 1986 and 1988, votes just before elections brought about the passage of drug-control measures that authorized only $4 billion in new spending and focused on increasing federal penalties for drug crimes.
In its original form, it strongly resembled a Japanese show of the mid-1970s, ``Punch-de Date-o'' (``Push-button Date''), in that the producers arranged the match beforehand.
Yet a week before the presidential election that will provide a crucial test of Mexico's democratic progress, the role of the United States in this country's politics has at the very least been extremely discreet.
With NAFTA in place, gringo eyes are on Mexican politics as never before.
The Vatican Takes On The Population Planners With only a few weeks left before a major world population conference in Cairo, Pope John Paul II has marshalled his diplomatic divisions for what some see as his most heartfelt campaign since his crusade against Communism.
No longer do members of Congress fear, as they did only a few months ago, that if they do nothing before adjourning this fall, they will be in trouble at the polls in November.
The ROTC building at Kent State University was torched before National Guardsmen shot four students to death.
One of the best-kept secrets of training is that teaching a behavior is a separate task from teaching a command, i.e. the animal must know how to do a behavior before you can ``command'' the behavior to happen.
To attach a command to the behavior begin saying ``sit'' just before you think the animal is about to do it.
Avoiding your pet's worst nightmare is as simple as teaching him the step before you ask him to dance.
I've mentioned this before.
COMMENTARY: COUNTING THE MINUTES UNTIL SCHOOL STARTS  (BC-KABAT-COLUMN-COX) It is now one day, 23 hours and 14 minutes before school starts for my sons.
Many countries have informal ``watershed hours'' before which some programs may not be shown.
In America, where TV has been both less regulated and more violent than in Europe (though perhaps less violent than in Japan), no fewer than ten media-regulation bills to reduce on-screen violence, sex or both are before Congress.
Many countries have informal ``watershed hours'' before which some programs may not be shown.
In America, where TV has been both less regulated and more violent than in Europe (though perhaps less violent than in Japan), no fewer than ten media-regulation bills to reduce on-screen violence, sex or both are before Congress.
He then went one better, trumpeting another huge sale, 72 F-15s to Saudi Arabia for $9 billion, almost three weeks before Bush did.
He then went one better, trumpeting another huge sale, 72 F-15s to Saudi Arabia for $9 billion, almost three weeks before Bush did.
He then went one better, trumpeting another huge sale, 72 F-15s to Saudi Arabia for $9 billion, almost three weeks before Bush did.
The traumas occurred from three months to years before the study.
It has also been of a type that none has ever experienced before.
It has also been of a type that none has ever experienced before.
It has also been of a type that none has ever experienced before.
``Virgin clubs'' are being formed in schools around the country and purity before marriage has become the topic of magazine and television features.
``Virgin clubs'' are being formed in schools around the country and purity before marriage has become the topic of magazine and television features.
The pipeline is bulging with women candidates as never before, and their PACs' fund-raising is more than keeping up with 1992's surge.
Sometimes there are unintended consequences: Insurance companies have cut off benefits for healthy people with genes for a debilitating disease; doctors have ordered drastic interventions long before treatment was necessary.
As scientists struggle for guidelines, new tests are coming into the marketplace, even before the results may be helpful to patients.
Two doctors who learned their patients carried the gene recommended that their patients' colons be removed right away, potentially years before any signs that the disease might develop.
Geneticists normally recommend four to six counseling sessions before testing for the likelihood of Huntington's disease, a degenerative disorder that at midlife begins to cause muscle spasms, mental deterioration and eventually death.
``Most people, before they get to me, have done a lot of work on their own,'' said Andrea Zanko, a UCSF genetic counselor, who added that several months of phone contact precede the first doctor visit.
Handelin, the former lab director at Integrated Genetics, has often declined to test: Lawyers have called for tests on babies before adoption papers were signed; families have wanted a Huntington's test for a suicidal daughter who objects; individuals have wanted results without having to discuss their family history with parents or siblings, who could provide information to ensure test accuracy.
Some get applications before they graduate from high school.
Some get applications before they graduate from high school.
Sidekick was an early terminate-and-stay-resident program, allowing personal computers to keep two programs, Sidekick and whatever else, in memory at the same time in the days before the machines were powerful enough, and ran software versatile enough, to do that routinely.
My fumbling fingers had made this happen many times before.
The tale made a point I had never considered before: Most password protection schemes make the setup option completely accessible until someone enables it.
Robbins is, in fact, one of the very few men who claim: ``I was born with a goatee, but they shaved it off before they showed me to my mother.'' To Robbins, the current popularity of goatees matters no more than a thimbleful of frog saliva.
``That story,'' says Iritani, ``gave me a sense of the real victims of the war and how people of both sides suffered in ways that are difficult to appreciate if you were not there.'' Stories like the balloon bomb incident kept coming up in Iritani's interviews during the three months she lived in Port Angeles, but it would be more than a year and a half into her project before she came to believe that they were part of the story that had to be told in her book.
Iritani had never considered herself a natural writer -- writing has always been hard work -- but the book was so different from anything she had ever done before.
For one thing, I wasn't out there five minutes before the neighbor's dog came over and ate my bait.
I don't know if you've ever had a 60-pound German shepherd on the end of a paper clip before, but it's quite a fight.
	Undercover investigators negotiated with three members of the group -- two Spaniards and a Colombian who had lived for a long time in Moscow -- and arrested them after receiving the first shipment before any money changed hands, German authorities said Monday.
``He is intent on completely distancing his party from anti-Jewish sentiment in order to stress that it doesn't seek to bring back old-style fascism.'' In any case, Barelli notes, Mussolini, fascism's creator, did not embrace anti-Semitism until he became Nazi Germany's ally shortly before World War II.
IF THE SEASON REALLY IS OVER, SO ARE A LOT OF CAREERS SAN FRANCISCO  (BC-BBO-CAREERS-HNS) When players walked off the field for the last time before the strike, there was no way of knowing how many eras had come to an end.
In the new assay, the normal prion is unfolded (a process that can occur naturally in a cell) before it is placed in contact with the abnormal prion, Caughey said.
Roger Maris' home run record, set before half of today's Americans were born, was in genuine danger this year.
Day after day, night after night, they would have matched one another, swing for swing, struggling to surpass the mythic mark of 61 before time ran out in fall's misty chill.
From the first-base line, right over the Mets' dugout, I watched Sandy Koufax launch fireball after fireball into the catcher's mitt -- and the occasional change-up that had Mets swinging before the ball even left the master's hand.
	Except for a report early Tuesday on housing starts, these were the final pieces of national economic data before the Federal Reserve's chief policymaking body, the Open Market Committee, meets Tuesday to weigh the evidence for further increases in short-term interest rates.
Roger Maris' home run record, set before half of today's Americans were born, was in genuine danger this year.
Day after day, night after night, they would have matched one another, swing for swing, struggling to surpass the mythic mark of 61 before time ran out in fall's misty chill.
From the first-base line, right over the Mets' dugout, I watched Sandy Koufax launch fireball after fireball into the catcher's mitt -- and the occasional change-up that had Mets swinging before the ball even left the master's hand.
Also, there was no assurance before the comet hit that the spacecraft's imaging equipment was timed accurately enough to record any impacts.
Most astronomers say that the object must have been a comet, because its fragments emitted enough vapor to reflect sunlight, making them highly visible before the impacts.
NASA's Extreme Ultraviolet Explorer satellite detected no light emission due to helium before the impacts, but strong helium emissions during the impacts.
Eschewing opportunities to sign Bobby Bonilla, Barry Bonds and Doug Drabek to multiyear contracts before they reached free agency, the Pirates forced their stars into salary arbitration, which Hart shunned, then lost them when they had the freedom to walk.
On the other hand, political scientists outside of Washington ridicule the notion that Clinton's presidency is all but over -- even before it has reached its midpoint.
Wasn't it pretty awful having everybody accusing him of sleeping through the presidency, and of not even recognizing members of his own Cabinet?'' The aged gentlemen waited for the strolling youth to stroll on to the next thing, for the wisdom of age had taught them there was no folly greater than seeking to enlighten the young before age had placed humility in their hearts and gray hairs in their mustaches.
``When you walk away from our police officers and from our kids, from our hard-working citizens with their futures before them, our senior citizens who have given their lives to make this a better country, and you do it on a procedural trick so you can still go back home and pretend you didn't vote against the crime bill ...
Sposato, who has visited Washington four times, testifying before congressional committees and lobbying for the assault weapons ban, said he would keep coming back.
Klaas, whose daughter's killer, Richard Allen Davis, twice before had been convicted of similar kidnappings, spoke up for the bill, especially a provision that would impose life sentences for some third-time felons.
``I haven't missed a day of workouts.'' It was different before, and she admitted she thought about quitting swimming.
Drug therapy for addicted criminals before they hit the streets again.
``It was before the Menendez brothers, before the Bobbitts, before Amy Fisher and Joey Buttafuoco, before the O.J. Simpson case.
The initial ``b'' vibration in the sound ``ba'' lasts for only 40 milliseconds before switching to the ``ah.'' The brain has to distinguish these fast transitions to discriminate stop-consonant syllables, Tallal said.
The ``m'' typically lasts a hundred or more milliseconds before the ``ah.'' Tallal said listening experiments done in the 1970s had also led her to think about auditory timing in the brain.
The big task before researchers is to find the cause of the brain malfunction.
Undercover investigators negotiated with three members of a group of two Spaniards and a Colombian who had lived for a long time in Moscow and arrested them after receiving the first shipment before any money changed hands, the German authorities said on Monday.
They have to discuss the ideological impact of each news item before deciding whether we should know about it or not.'' The reach of the satellite programs is enormous, especially among young Iranians, many of whom spend four or five hours a day watching the foreign broadcasts.
Never before had the United States failed to produce a single winner in one of the major championships.
The stewards wound up examining three printings of the photo -- each lighter than the last -- before posting ``6'' over ``5'' on the tote board.
``After a hard race like this, we'll sit back about a week (before making a schedule).'' He said a possibility is Belmont Park's Sept.
The week before, Boris Becker had little trouble in beating Mark Woodforde in straight sets in the L.A. Open final at UCLA.
With the 56 draw, Diamond had to schedule her, with great results for Grossman but lousy results for Navratilova, who was playing her last L.A. tournament before retiring.
13 -- a week before jury selection is scheduled to begin in the Simpson trial -- is hardly the most sensitive move a network has ever made.
And while it is tempting to want to convict Fox before it has had an opportunity to show its tale -- given the network's decidedly lowbrow track record -- perhaps that's as unfair as judging Simpson himself at this stage of the game.
Running this film before all the facts have had a chance to be heard in a court of law is, of course, shamelessly opportunistic.
Fox's idea is to run the movie the week before jury selection in Simpson's trial is to begin.
Of course, this is the same outfit whose last fact-based movie, ``Honor Thy Father and Mother: The True Story of the Menendez Murders,'' was appropriately slammed for the liberties it took in dramatizing the public record before justice had been meted out.
That's why ABC, CBS and NBC are waiting to see how the trial plays out before deciding whether to do their own O.J. movies.
``Anything approaching this kind of high-profile case before it's adjudicated...
Indeed, people close to the bidding process said Monday that it might be some time before the winner was identified, because the bids were likely to be quite complex, and consequently would require careful analysis.
Lerner's last Broadway show, ``Dance a Little Closer,'' along with the 1976 hit ``Bubbling Brown Sugar.'' He was nominated for three Tony Awards, and he directed and choreographed the all-black production of ``Guys and Dolls'' in 1976 and choreographed the Emmy Award-winning television show ``Zoom.'' In the 1980s, he taught dance for five years as the head of the dance department at Carnegie-Mellon University in Pittsburgh before returning to Europe, where he directed and choreographed musicals and staged ballets in the Netherlands.
Lerner's last Broadway show, ``Dance a Little Closer,'' along with the 1976 hit ``Bubbling Brown Sugar.'' He was nominated for three Tony Awards, and he directed and choreographed the all-black production of ``Guys and Dolls'' in 1976 and choreographed the Emmy Award-winning television show ``Zoom.'' In the 1980s, he taught dance for five years as the head of the dance department at Carnegie-Mellon University in Pittsburgh before returning to Europe, where he directed and choreographed musicals and staged ballets in the Netherlands.
``Do what got you here, nothing more,'' Manager Buck Showalter had said to Ausanio before he joined the Yankees, and Ausanio obliged, throwing strikes as well as he ever had, crossing up American League hitters with sliders and fastballs.
He had lost his father, Joseph John Ausanio Sr., to a heart attack at age 69 the year before.
Goellner, who was born in Brazil and has lived in Israel and Australia before settling in Germany, felt that he was due to win against Fromberg.
Women going to work have not brought in enough income.'' Before this year, the Labor Department's Bureau of Labor Statistics had counted multiple jobholders only periodically, with the last survey in 1991 and the one before that, in 1989.
``I had gotten some entertainment clients and I wanted to give this a go before I got too far down the line in my career,'' Gundy said.
He is expected to appear before France's main anti-terrorist investigating judge, Jean-Louis Bruguiere, on Tuesday.
``When Assad expels you, you're gone.'' Carlos reportedly went briefly to Yemen before moving to Sudan, he added.
We're just trying to get him as sharp as we can.'' The report by the clockers put it into technical but blunt language: ``Tabasco Cat spotted Commanche Trail three lengths before recording fractions of 121 5 seconds, 241 5 and 361 5 , easily passing Commanche Trail before pulling up three-quarters in 1:16.'' Commanche Trail?
``Every time they've done something aggressive before they've been supply constrained,'' said Seymour Merrin, a personal computer industry consultant based in Mountain View, Calif.
``Do what got you here, nothing more,'' Manager Buck Showalter had said to Ausanio before he joined the Yankees, and Ausanio obliged, throwing strikes as well as he ever had, crossing up American League hitters with sliders and fastballs.
He had lost his father, Joseph John Ausanio Sr., to a heart attack at age 69 the year before.
Monday, while rising nearly 18 points shortly before 2 p.m., the Dow glided downward and looked as if it would close unchanged, but dropped abruptly minutes before the 4 p.m. close.
But the Nasdaq composite index, while largely following the other two major indexes, abruptly shot up before the close, buoyed by technology stocks like Lotus Development.
This was not ``American Graffiti,'' the classic movie about cruising in Modesto, Calif., just before the Vietnam War.
They had seen the same cars, and the same people, Friday night and the weekend before and the weekend before that.
Within the framework of this system we are ready to examine any fact, so long as it is proven beforehand.'' Kaurov also promised cooperation, but said there was only speculation about the source of the smuggled material.
Senate Minority Leader Bob Dole, R-Kan., said he did not believe the Senate would complete its work before Labor Day.
If approved, the rate cut likely would be the final rate-setting action taken by the department before the open rating system supercedes its authority.
``It is more fully engaged across the country and at a higher profile inside the Beltway than ever before.'' The Annenberg School for Communication at the University of Pennsylvania predicts that by October, the amount spent by lobbyists on television advertising alone will exceed $60 million -- more than the $50 million spent on advertising in the 1992 presidential campaign.
Many people understand that we cannot continue as before, which is why the health-care debate seems so odd.
He was expelled two years later -- ostensibly for spending more time on socializing than on socialism -- but not before befriending a representative of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine, a Marxist Palestinian group.
With a $112,000 salary, $3,000 above the minimum, Trachsel, who compiled a 9-7 record in 22 starts for the Cubs before the strike, is one of the players below the median.
Trading in American Cyanamid's stock was halted shortly before the close, and the shares ended the day at $90.875, down $1.875, on the New York Stock Exchange.
But the two companies did not make any announcement because their lawyers were still hammering out differences over the interpretation of technical details before executives sign the agreement.
Bob Dole, R-Kan., the minority leader, had refused to agree to a timetable for voting on amendments to Mitchell's health-care bill shortly before 5 p.m. Dole left the Capitol before Mitchell spoke, and his office said he would have no comment.
``This is a desk before me, and if I repeat a thousand times that this is a horse, it will not become a horse.
Monday's report and one due out Tuesday on July housing starts will be the final pieces of national economic data before the Federal Reserve's chief policy-making body, the Federal Open Market Committee, meets to weigh the evidence for further increases in short-term interest rates.
``Whoever makes a buying decision from now until the end of the year is going to have to know that Compaqs are now more affordable than ever before,'' Bisone said.
COMPROMISE ON CRIME BILL STILL ELUDING WHITE HOUSE WASHINGTON  (BC-CRIME-BILL-535-(2TAKES)-NYT) The White House dangled the prospect of concessions on the crime bill before both Republicans and Democrats on Monday, but by day's end it could not report a single new ally in its battle to revive the troubled measure.
This is a desk before me, and if I repeat a thousand times that this is a horse, it will not become a horse.
We went through a similar exercise just a year ago when the President's economic plan was before the Senate.
And nonetheless, we found ourselves three days into this matter, where there are those that say, well, we're really not trying to stall this proposal, and we cannot come to grips with something that is as basic and fundamental and elementary as the amendment that is before us.
``We are waiting to see before we return.
``Every day, there is some major incident but it doesn't seem to be an organized pattern.'' On Saturday, hours before the attack at Kirundo, someone hurled a grenade at a bus carrying Hutu near the central market.
Two days before, two people were killed and dozens were wounded, five seriously, when a grenade was tossed into the market.
ORIGINAL WOODSTOCK SITE DRAWS ITS OWN CROWD BETHEL, N.Y.  (BC-WOODSTOCK-BETHEL-HNS) Christian Price blew off work, tied a blue bandana around his head, hopped in his van with three friends and headed to Woodstock '94 in Saugerties, N.Y. Without tickets the four Troy, N.Y., residents were turned away before they reached the concert.
``We're going into the elections now hoping that the process will be transparent and credible and that with our vote we will be able to change the way things are.'' Compared with the agitated mood in 1988, this year has been characterized more by uncertainty over what will happen in the days after the election than by anger in the streets before the vote takes place.
Cuauhtemoc Cardenas, candidate of the left-of-center Democratic Revolutionary Party, filled the plaza with supporters on Saturday much as he did just before the last election.
About a month before the vote, which took place on July 6, the popular presidential candidate of the Mexican Socialist Party, Heberto Castillo, withdrew from the race and threw his support to Cardenas.
A few days before the election, one of Cardenas's top campaign advisers was found shot to death in his car in what Cardenas said was ``a political crime.'' The day before the election, the Federal Electoral Commission refused to allow the Gallup Organization to conduct an independent exit poll, saying it would violate Mexicans' constitutional guarantee of a secret ballot.
COMPROMISE ON CRIME BILL STILL ELUDING WHITE HOUSE WASHINGTON  (BC-CRIME-BILL-535-(2TAKES)-NYT) The White House dangled the prospect of concessions on the crime bill before both Republicans and Democrats on Monday, but by day's end it could not report a single new ally in its battle to revive the troubled measure.
And although he would eventually win the title back before he lost it for good to Aaron ``Superman'' Davis in 1989, the doubters in the news media would hound him the rest of his career.
``It's not simply about replacing a Democrat with a Republican or Cuomo with Pataki,'' Pataki said, his hands bobbing in the air before him.
More typical are passages like this, which he delivered last week before a Jewish group in Brooklyn and uses often, in various forms: ``Mario Cuomo is a brilliant speaker and he is great at making excuses.
He's got to come up with solutions.'' Giarrusso said, however, that the campaign could wait until the primary next month before releasing the bulk of Pataki's plans.
``There are lots of definitions from lots of people,'' said Slosberg, a native of Connecticut who before starting Pete's in 1986 worked at a number of high-tech companies, including Rolm, IBM and Xerox.
	Powers, who had been with the station since 1980, seven years before it was acquired by Fox, was notified in October 1992 that his contract would not be renewed, and he left in December 1992.
Some service was restored by 6 p.m., and officials of the New York City Transit Authority said they expected to clear the wreckage and have service back to normal before rush hour on Tuesday morning.
The men and women of the 7th Police Precinct remembered the dream of becoming a police officer that 3-year-old Timothy Perkins had before he died of complications from AIDS.
The men and women of the 7th Police Precinct remembered the dream of becoming a police officer that 3-year-old Timothy Perkins had before he died of complications from AIDS.
The men and women of the 7th Police Precinct remembered the dream of becoming a police officer that 3-year-old Timothy Perkins had before he died of complications from AIDS.
These are your dreams,'' declared Peter Gabriel before bringing Woodstock '94 to an uplifting conclusion on Sunday night with ``Biko,'' an empowering tribute to the late Southern African political prisoner.
Although the evening was in fact quite chilly, they heated up the crowd to a frenzied, red-hot pitch as they pummeled through such furious funk-punk faves as ``Suck My Kiss,'' ``Stone Cold Bush'' and ``Blood Sugar Sex Magik.'' Just before their pulse-pounding power-romp through Stevie Wonder's ``Higher Ground,'' Kiedis asked everyone in the crowd to take off their shirts and whirl them over their heads.
Her attorney, William Graysen, said that Orehek would plead guilty to helping defraud three banks of more than $100 million in loans when she appears before a U.S. District Judge on Aug.
Graysen said Orehek decided to approach prosecutors on her own after she and several other McNall Sports and Entertainment executives received federal subpoenas in April, shortly before they were laid off for financial reasons.
Shortly before 11 a.m. Monday, three other young children were removed from the house by a group of unidentified women.
Her attorney, William Graysen, said that Orehek would plead guilty to helping defraud three banks of more than $100 million in loans when she appears before a U.S. District Judge on Aug.
Graysen said Orehek decided to approach prosecutors on her own after she and several other McNall Sports and Entertainment executives received federal subpoenas in April, shortly before they were laid off for financial reasons.
Then, she said, they forced her into a Chevrolet Blazer and drove her to Michigan, stopping only once at a gas station, before dropping her off on the streets of Detroit.
	For the last four months, Burstein, 41, has been publisher of The New Yorker; before that, he was publisher of Self and Elle.
They have to discuss the ideological impact of each news item before deciding whether we should know about it or not.'' The reach of the satellite programs is enormous, especially among young Iranians, many of whom spend four or five hours a day watching the foreign broadcasts.
``I couldn't believe it happened then, a week before practice started,'' he said.
A retired fire marshal testified that before the 1980 trial, he had told prosecutors that he thought the defendant was the ``wrong man.'' But, he said, the man was tried anyway and convicted of helping set the 1978 fire at a Waldbaum's supermarket in Sheepshead Bay.
A retired police arson detective also testified Monday that before the 1980 trial, he had told prosecutors that the fire ``may have been electrical'' and therefore accidental.
Asked Monday by Jackson-Knight's lawyer, Robert Sullivan, what he had told the prosecutor before the 1980 trial, the former fire marshal, Charles King, said, ``I told him the fire could not have started on the roof, and that he arrested the wrong man.'' ``Did you get to tell that to the original jury?'' Sullivan asked.
Harold Dugan, the former detective, testified that he told the prosecution before the 1980 trial that he believed ``this may have been an electrical fire.'' He said that he had suggested steps be taken to investigate this possibility, but that they never were.
He said he did not tell the jury this at the 1980 trial, because ``I can only respond to what I was asked, and I could not respond to what I was not asked.'' The current prosecution insists that Dugan never told prosecutors before the earlier trial about his belief of a possible accidental cause.
The child was sleeping in a car seat when his father parked the car, rolling the windows down 1 to 2 inches before going into a music store, Mintz said.
The child was sleeping in a car seat when his father parked the car, rolling the windows down 1 to 2 inches before going into a music store, Mintz said.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Minor said the events began shortly before 10 p.m. Sunday.
Moments before the abduction, he said, the gunman and another person apparently fled from a stolen car that had crashed at the intersection of Washington Avenue and Kingsland Street in Nutley.
The chase down Washington Avenue, a main residential thoroughfare, lasted about eight-tenths of a mile before the man turned into the eastbound lane of Park Avenue.
``After the last big rain storm hit before the game, it really made things pretty slick out there.'' The decision allowed Coleman -- whose uninspired approach as a Cowboys backup has infuriated coaches and teammates -- to showcase himself as he did under similar regular-season circumstances last year.
The fans erupted into a loud roar when the cheerleaders marched onto the field 25 minutes before the opening kickoff.
``After the last big rain storm hit before the game, it really made things pretty slick out there.'' The decision allowed Coleman -- whose uninspired approach as a Cowboys backup has infuriated coaches and teammates -- to showcase himself as he did under similar regular-season circumstances last year.
The fans erupted into a loud roar when the cheerleaders marched onto the field 25 minutes before the opening kickoff.
Fans showed up some six hours before kickoff and had their tailgate parties in the parking lot.
But there was only one problem -- Reyes didn't have a ticket, and the game sold out before she could buy one.
Twice before in recent memory they have watched the state's most highly recruited, can't-miss running back do just that.
Just before that was the 25-year anniversary of the first moon landing.
Interestingly, the musicians on this recording are virtually the same as those who played on Horace's first Columbia recording It's Got To Be Funky, done a year before.
Network execs have become accustomed to seeing their shows savaged in print by critics before the check clears to pay for the $10,000 party used to introduce it.
``I didn't have to cover a lot of receivers before, but I will now ...
They come and go with each passing president, enjoying a moment of reflected glory before disappearing back into the human race or turning into hired guns in the lobbying racket.
I've done it before.'' It would have made some story for the jury, but the jury never heard it.
	Non-irritating products like water and canola oil are used in cleaning the chapel and two hours before the service fans are turned on to help clear the air.
	Non-irritating products like water and canola oil are used in cleaning the chapel and two hours before the service fans are turned on to help clear the air.
-- What's memory's link with deja vu, that nerve-tingling sensation you get when you hear an opera for the first time but just know you've heard it before?
``Understanding how human memory is stored will lead us to intervene in all the variety of neurological syndromes, traumatic conditions, personality disorders, obsessive-compulsive disorders.'' Alkon, who clearly loves his work, complains he'll be lucky to find many answers before he retires, for brain science is in its infancy.
If it goes through generations, that's not learning, it's evolution -- natural selection.'' Alkon's research led to the development of a test he hopes will one day identify people with Alzheimer's disease, long before its symptoms are evident.
A hearing is scheduled Friday before U.S. District Judge Royal Furgeson here to decide if the trespass case will be heard in Brewster County or in federal court.
Cody's body lay in state at the state capitol before being taken to the top of Lookout Mountain, where 25,000 people came to pay their respects.
16, 1916 -- just three months before his death.
Cody's body lay in state at the state capitol before being taken to the top of Lookout Mountain, where 25,000 people came to pay their respects.
16, 1916 -- just three months before his death.
CATHOLIC PRIEST RECEIVES THREE 20-YEAR SENTENCES FOR SEX ABUSE SAN ANTONIO  (BC-PRIEST-ABUSE-SENTENCE-HNS) A Roman Catholic priest who molested altar boys -- at times just minutes before entering the sanctuary to say Mass -- has received three 20-year sentences as part of a plea bargain.
During the sentencing hearing, the boys and their parents told District Judge Sharon MacRae that the priest had ``killed their souls.'' Xavier Ortiz-Dietz, 48, had been the pastor of Sacred Heart Parish in Von Ormy, Texas, and Our Lady Queen of Heaven Parish in Macdona, Texas, before being removed from his duties last year after sexual abuse allegations arose.
He will have to serve at least five years in prison before becoming eligible for parole, according to Assistant District Attorney Catherine Babbitt.
Standing before the judge, a 15-year-old boy, who was the victim in the aggravated sexual assault case,told the judge he was ``really angry'' that the priest did not receive a stiffer sentence.
The boy, who was an altar boy at Our Lady Queen of Heaven Church, said the priest would fondle him while the two were in the sacristy, where the priest puts on his vestments just minutes before going into the church to say Mass.
``I don't believe there will any kind of a major devaluation before or after the election,'' said Frank Martinez, senior vice president of Frost National Bank's international division.
Mexican federal law prohibits any further polling before election day.
``We must wait until those are finished before talking about whether the cases are serious.'' The spiraling amount of seized bomb-making material provoked German officials this week to sharply criticize Russia's failure to crack down on criminal gangs, middlemen and possibly unpaid or jobless scientists accused of teaming up to smuggle the plutonium and uranium from nuclear plants.
``But we have to take all cases very seriously.'' Even before the recent seizures of weapons-grade materials, the number of cases German police investigated that involved smuggled radioactive materials of less than weapons quality was on the rise.
Readers responded with a variety of simple, easy-to-assemble pies, all of them chilled before serving.
He shocked the NFL before the 1993 season by walking away from his last $1 million paycheck because he was fed up with the Cardinals and the oppressive NFL attitude.
``One of the things I missed most about being around football was the camaraderie,'' he said between munches on a burger and fries in the locker room before practice the other day.
``I've been through a couple (coaching changes) before,'' Rosenbach said, referring to Dennis Erickson for Jim Walden at WSU and Gene Stallings for Joe Bugel in Phoenix.
	PARIS (NYT) -- There were reports he was wasted by dissolute living, his own lawyer said he was drugged before being extradited to France Monday, but the international terrorist known as Carlos in fact seemed quite chirpy Tuesday when he appeared before a judge for probably the first time in his life.
You need to purchase Mexican car insurance before or at the border.
In the left-field bleachers, Virginia Crackle smiled to herself, remembering how Modesto pitching coach Pete Richert had his uniform stolen out of a clubhouse locker before the season and refused to wear a new one until this month, wrapping himself in an A's nylon jacket in the killer heat of a Modesto summer.
All of a sudden the so-called dictator wasn't so bad,'' said Mickey McLaney, a former Miami real estate entrepreneur whose father owned the grand Hotel Nacional casino in Havana before the 1959 Cuban revolution.
``The thing about this level is, you got guys calling you before the season starts, asking you what they should do to keep in shape.
Cobleigh, who was in the front office of the Modesto and Stockton minor league teams before turning to drive-ins, said, ``In the minor leagues a player gets a contract for one season only.
A lot of guys don't get their contract until December, and then it's take it or leave it -- you don't get to negotiate.'' Cobleigh was an assistant general manager with the A's and Stockton before calling it quits.
The San Fernando Valley owned the record for the largest gig before the '69 shindig at Max Yasgur's dairy.
``We must wait until those are finished before talking about whether the cases are serious.'' The spiraling amount of seized bomb-making material provoked German officials this week to sharply criticize Russia's failure to crack down on criminal gangs, middlemen and possibly unpaid or jobless scientists accused of teaming up to smuggle the plutonium and uranium from nuclear plants.
``But we have to take all cases very seriously.'' Even before the recent seizures of weapons-grade materials, the number of cases German police investigated that involved smuggled radioactive materials of less than weapons quality was on the rise.
They cautioned you to drive defensively, to anticipate events before they snuck up.
For his pains, Aoun gave Leotard an invalid Lebanese passport, which the future minister accepted before continuing to fire his shells into the Muslim sector of Beirut.
For his pains, Aoun gave Leotard an invalid Lebanese passport, which the future minister accepted before continuing to fire his shells into the Muslim sector of Beirut.
He shocked the NFL before the 1993 season by walking away from his last $1 million paycheck because he was fed up with the Cardinals and the oppressive NFL attitude.
``One of the things I missed most about being around football was the camaraderie,'' he said between munches on a burger and fries in the locker room before practice the other day.
``I've been through a couple (coaching changes) before,'' Rosenbach said, referring to Dennis Erickson for Jim Walden at WSU and Gene Stallings for Joe Bugel in Phoenix.
``I have a 10-year-old car, and I'm hearing things in it I've never heard before.
The account of how they were set up by the police and shot by Klansmen near Philadelphia, Miss., has been told before on television, but it still shocks.
Goodman and Schwerner, white men from New York, had simply been shot; Chaney, a 21-year-old black Mississippian, had been viciously beaten before being killed.
``I did look in at the field a year ago before the Dolphins played an exhibition there.
	BRIGHTON, Iowa (NYT) -- Searchers combed the cornfields, ditches and abandoned farm buildings around this tiny southeastern Iowa town for the fourth day Tuesday, looking for a 9-year-old girl who vanished out of her uncle's living room here sometime before dawn Saturday.
And before the a final vote is taken -- who knows when -- all 250 or so million of these folks may have their individual circumstances described on the Senate floor.
John Glenn, D-Ohio, before stopping to chat with Sen.
Byron Dorgan, D-N.D., talks about dinosaurs and the Federal Reserve Board raising interest rates before reaching health care reform.
High above the crowd at the concert Monday night at Giants Stadium in East Rutherford, N.J., Patrick Woodroffe, who designed the lighting and directs the visuals for the Stones' tour, discussed this predicament, 10 minutes before show time.
At the concert the night before, the computer that stores and executes all the lighting instructions malfunctioned.
In the few minutes that elapse between the coda to ``Love Is Strong'' and the introduction to ``Monkey Man,'' they must deflate 14 very flammable 60-foot-high inflatable dolls before the flash pots used for ``Monkey Man'' ignite.
Approximate nutritional analysis per serving: 155 calories, 12 grams fat, 7 milligrams cholesterol, 79 milligrams sodium (before salting), 4 grams protein, 9 grams carbohydrate.
Approximate nutritional analysis per serving: 215 calories, 7 grams fat, 0 milligrams cholesterol, 285 milligrams sodium (before optional salting), 5 grams protein, 35 grams carbohydrate.
``I did look in at the field a year ago before the Dolphins played an exhibition there.
Nevertheless, before the Greenmarket opened in 1977, Union Square was so drug-infested that students from Xavier High School on 16th Street could be expelled for stepping foot in the place, he said.
Just 15, she served five and a half years in prison before changing her name and beginning a new life.
Wrote 	His comments echoed those made years before when 	``I don't want any damn broken-down prince who is head of a pinhead country that nobody knows anything about to marry my daughter,'' said the future father of the bride.
Wrote 	His comments echoed those made years before when 	``I don't want any damn broken-down prince who is head of a pinhead country that nobody knows anything about to marry my daughter,'' said the future father of the bride.
Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization -- a measure of cash flow -- tripled, climbing to $1.85 million, from $603,000 in the comparable period a year ago.
Most analysts look at operating profits, defined as earnings before taxes and one-time charges, as the best measure of profitability.
After the Whitney family rescues the sickly seal pup, Andre gets to dress up, blow raspberries, blow out birthday candles, and watch ``Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea'' at least two years before it was ever on.
``After all was said and done, everyone was pleased that that happened.'' Trading was volatile just before and after the Fed announcement, Cave said.
It is true that waves of interest in Buddhism have come before in America, said Gary Mass, co-coordinator of the Shambhala Center.
Chogyam Trungpa, who founded the Naropa Institute and the Shambhala training for which the Kansas City center is named, escaped from Tibet and studied at Oxford University before coming to the United States.
``(Wesley) may never remember like before, but he'll learn new ways to remember things,'' Dutton said.
He's been at Transitions since June 12, and hopes to return someday to the aerospace company Allied-Signal, where he worked in avionics for 15 years before his surgery.
he's really a miracle.'' ``Well,'' Scrogum said, ``you sort of have to take it in stride.'' His case also is unusual, Dutton said, because Marsha Scrogum worked with brain injury patients for many years before her husband became ill.
Work on a second highway, from the Portuguese colony of Macau to Guangzhou starts in October, and Wu hopes to finish a 400-mile highway stretching from Guangzhou to Changsha, the capital of Hunan province in central China, before the end of the century.
His father started as a taxi driver and assembled a fleet of 378 taxis before he turned to building one of Hong Kong's larger property and construction firms.
``There are still some decisions to be made in the secondary,'' Nolan said at the Meadowlands complex before the team practiced here Tuesday afternoon.
A highly regarded second-round draft choice out of Arizona State in 1992, Sparks started the first three games on the left side last season before missing the next 11 with torn ligaments in his foot.
``He should be out seven, at the longest maybe 10, days.'' ``Phillippi was in the training room before we came to practice,'' Giants Coach Dan Reeves said.
Still, some advocates for subway riders say the MTA needs to offer bigger savings to riders before they will switch to the cards.
Military officers said that underwater commandos had apparently attached limpet mines to the vessel before dawn.
She was 99 when he began research five years ago and he assumed she would expire before he finished.
She was 99 when he began research five years ago and he assumed she would expire before he finished.
	The bus leaves the new Broadway starting point twice an hour between 5:49 a.m. and 12:18 a.m., generally at 14 minutes past the hour and 16 minutes before.
At La Guardia, the route starts twice an hour at the Delta terminal, calling at the main and marine terminals before following Astoria Boulevard to the bridge.
They grapple with the pain of being misunderstood outsiders, and yet they use their superpowers to rise above this prejudice, trying to save ungrateful humanity before it is too late.
One year before, he had created Spider-Man by having a radioactive spider bite Peter Parker, and he was running out of ideas.
``There are mutants in nature, and with all the atomic explosions, they're more likely than ever before.'' His boss liked the idea, but vetoed the name.
``I would suggest that we encourage our young to stay home, do their homework and get a good night's sleep before school the next day, not stay up till after midnight playing sports,'' he said.
Steny Hoyer, D-Md., who represents the district where the basketball program started, urged his colleagues to watch his local league's finals that evening before deciding whether to kill the funding.
 (BC-X-MEN-3RDTAKE-$ADV21-NYT) Another aspect is violence, although editors insist they try to keep the body count low and make characters consider pacific options before blowing someone away really spectacularly.
28, the week before the regular season, when preseason ratings usually peak.
Indeed, we should not underestimate the magnitude of the task before us.
So, if the economy and capacity utilization continue to rise, there could be another move before the end of year.
``I always thought she was a distance swimmer with speed,'' Collins said before Tuesday night's race.
CARLOS IS INTERROGATED, AND, FOR PERHAPS THE FIRST TIME, SEES A JUDGE PARIS  (BC-CARLOS-NYT) There were reports he was wasted by dissolute living, his own lawyer said he was drugged before being extradited to France on Monday, but the legendary terrorist known as Carlos in fact seemed quite chirpy on Tuesday when he appeared before a judge for probably the first time in his life.
Some campers said they were just catching up on their rest before heading about 60 miles southwest to Yasgur's Farm in Bethel, the site of the original Woodstock.
He railed against the profit-driven ``57th Street managers'' who seemed, in the days before international conglomerates, to control everything; Arthur Judson, of Columbia Concerts Corp., was a particular target.
A recent ad for Peugeot in a Turkish magazine set the car before an oversize Venus de Milo, presumably to prove that both are classics rather than to suggest that the automobile can be driven without hands.
At a recent showing of ``The Mask,'' in which Stein plays the pretentious psychologist Jim Carrey visits after discovering a mask of Loki, the crowd tittered before Stein uttered a sound.
`I'd sure rather see us spend a little money on the kids before they become criminals rather than wait until after,'' she said.
McNall himself, who was forced into bankruptcy two months before the lawsuit was filed and is currently under investigation by a federal grand jury, is not named as a defendant.
``Every ambitious reform proposal before Congress has significant economic flaws,'' says Robert Reischauer, head of the Congressional Budget Office.
McNall himself, who was forced into bankruptcy two months before the lawsuit was filed and is currently under investigation by a federal grand jury, is not named as a defendant.
In the 1970s he spent nearly five years in prison for the firebombing of a white-owned grocery store before the conviction was overturned.
Stansel, a 49-year-old lawyer who worked briefly for the NAACP and Chavis before she was dismissed.
From the East River to the Hudson, the restless street only permits itself a fretful nap in the couple of hours just before daybreak.
Across the street men and women, many with signs of slumber clinging to their faces, stop by a coffee-and-doughnut stand before climbing like sleepwalkers into buses and subway cars: workbound.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Golub resigned from the company before the fraud was discovered.
Some engineers worked 48 hours straight at times before finding a suitable mix of hardware and software.
The question is how often can you go before hitting a glitch,'' Mabon said.
Now that it has developed a digital video-on-demand system, Micropolis is working to stay competitive before other large disk drive makers step in, Mabon said.
Some engineers worked 48 hours straight at times before finding a suitable mix of hardware and software.
The question is how often can you go before hitting a glitch,'' Mabon said.
Now that it has developed a digital video-on-demand system, Micropolis is working to stay competitive before other large disk drive makers step in, Mabon said.
Both stock and bond trends reversed field before turning up decisively by day's end in active trading.
The key factor seemed to be that most traders had talked themselves into thinking that it would be the last such rate increase before the November elections and perhaps into the New Year, a welcome breathing space of interest-rate certainty.
Rao Chalasani, chief market strategist for Kemper Securities, was more optimistic and said the Dow could reach 3,900 before the end of the third quarter and long bond yields fall as low as 7.1 percent.
Metzenbaum, D-Ohio, said Tuesday that Starr should either step down or be removed and that Sentelle should either step down or be removed from the judicial panel before he ``has another chance to taint the appearance of another appointment.'' Sentelle has issued a single written statement saying that the lunch was a routine social event and ``to the best of my recollection nothing in these discussions concerned independent counsel matters.'' People in Charlotte who know Sentelle generally describe him as a first-rate judge and lawyer.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) But he spoke with special emphasis about the ban on assault weapons, which he voted against when it first passed the House, although he had voted in favor of the Brady law, which requires a five-day waiting period before handguns can be purchased.
The announcement Tuesday also offered a hint that the Federal Reserve may wait before raising rates again, possibly until after the congressional elections on Nov.
``But the relationship is totally different now, not so much because of the businessmen, as because of changes by the government.'' The economic changes begun in the three years before Salinas took office and extended under his administration have by no means won unanimous business support.
``All I know is that it's going to take six to nine months before the equipment is ready,'' Hartley said, ``and that's enough for me to say, I need to wait.'' Martinez, of Radio Telecom, said it was clear that many auction bidders had only the vaguest understanding of the technology they were bidding on.
He had calculated beforehand that few bidders would pay more than about 25 cents for each person they could reach within a given market.
Meanwhile, a bipartisan group of senators, numbering as many as 19 at times Tuesday, struggled to complete work on a proposal that would change the bill before the Senate to make it less bureaucratic, less tolerant of litigation and more cost-sensitive.
``All I know is that it's going to take six to nine months before the equipment is ready,'' Hartley said, ``and that's enough for me to say, I need to wait.'' Martinez, of Radio Telecom, said it was clear that many auction bidders had only the vaguest understanding of the technology they were bidding on.
He had calculated beforehand that few bidders would pay more than about 25 cents for each person they could reach within a given market.
Though most of his teammates have played since before they even knew of a country called Nigeria, Ifeanyi was so taken with football that he learned quickly.
Japan also said that it would do away with a provision that allows patents to be legally challenged before they have been issued, as well as a requirement for compulsory licensing of patents in some instances.
One researcher, for example, has estimated that if every health plan patterned itself after an HMO in Denver, the nation could stop training urologists for almost 20 years before a shortage occurred.
 (BC-FBN-CHIEFS-KAN) The words come slowly, each thoughtfully considered before he allows it to escape his mouth.
Allen was mentioned in the letter Simpson wrote shortly before his arrest.
Although he visited Simpson in the Los Angeles County Jail before he left for training camp, Allen has chosen not to make any statements.
Cowlings' attorney, Donald Re, said subpoenas were issued to people present at the suburban Encino home from which Simpson fled June 17, leading police on a 60-mile slow-speed pursuit before his arrest in Brentwood.
Prosecutors earlier said they needed more time before deciding whether to file charges against Cowlings who drove his Ford Bronco about 60 miles with Simpson in the back seat, reportedly holding a gun to his own head.
Because an M train was following close behind the train that derailed, one theory is that the tower operator threw the switch before the B train had passed in anticipation of the M train's arrival, said Carmen Bianco, the Transit Authority's director of system safety.
17: By virtue of its enormous size -- and its enormous buying power -- the Woodstock Generation (a k a the Baby Boomers) altered the cultural fabric like none before it.
Generally, a bill must have been paid within 90 days before the bankruptcy is filed.
He was hit in the throat in practice by cornerback Victor Green the week before the Jets' first exhibition game, which inhibited him from vocalizing the defensive calls, a key responsibility at middle linebacker.
Meanwhile, a bipartisan group of senators, numbering as many as 19 at times Tuesday, struggled to complete work on a proposal that would change the bill before the Senate to make it less bureaucratic, less tolerant of litigation and more cost-sensitive.
Oliver Koppell, presided at a hearing in Manhattan before several state legislators who are considering changes in the state's three-year-old anti-scalping statute.
In the second trial for Eric Jackson-Knight, who spent nearly 10 years in prison before his 1980 conviction in his first trial was overturned and a new trial ordered, the jury will assess two weeks of testimony and arguments that culminated on Tuesday with passionate pleas by prosecution and defense lawyers that justice finally be done.
But Jackson-Knight said, in a telephone interview from jail shortly before the retrial began, that his confession actually referred to his role in another arson-for-pay fire at a different store two years before, in which nobody was injured.
He was named to three straight Pro Bowls (1989-91) when he was with the Detroit Lions before a right knee injury at the end of the '91 season sidelined him.
They should have told him about it before.'' Agassi, ranked 18th, conceded that the music was not entirely responsible for his defeat.
Shortly before kidnapping Mrs.
The defendant's mother, Tammy, slumped tearfully into her husband's arms as the verdict was read before 10 p.m., and his grandmother collapsed and was rushed to a local hospital.
Eric had confessed to the killing several days after the crime took place, a confession never retracted or challenged by defense lawyers who had said before the trial their client needed psychiatric help, not punishment.
He was named to three straight Pro Bowls (1989-91) when he was with the Detroit Lions before a right knee injury at the end of the '91 season sidelined him.
For example, Carpenter approved the promotion of Jett to be the head of government bond trading in February, a month before Carpenter got his principal's registration license.
Kicking coach Steve Hoffman said last week that a place-kicking failure by either Chris Boniol or Richie Cunningham could result in an immediate follow-up call to National Football League veteran David Treadwell, who had spoken to Hoffman about a job before his recent release by Kansas City.
How many thousands, maybe hundreds of thousands, woke up thinking they had seen the Dallas Cowboys -- Hemisphere's Team -- swallow a huge goose egg before 112,376 peso-paying customers and on prime-time television?
 (BC-JET-CRASH-LADN) An Air Force test pilot and a Swedish Air Force officer ejected safely before the crash of an A-37 Dragonfly jet in a rugged area near Rosamond Dry Lake, officials said.
Pilots have to decide whether to eject before the plane reaches 10,000 feet, he said.
Military officers said that underwater commandos had apparently attached limpet mines to the vessel before dawn.
Q: How long did Jean-Bertrand Aristide serve as president of Haiti before he was overthrown?
7, 1991, and served almost eight months before being overthrown.
Andersen said women develop the sexual attitudes long before beginning sexual relations, through ``messages from parents and other adults about what sex is all about.'' Andersen said she is now studying sexual self-concepts in men, but it is premature to tell how men differ from women in this regard.
Some potential donors back out before that final step.
The Expos stretch at 8:30 a.m. Norman, a former major-league infielder, said: ``They've had something like a spring training workout before the 12 o'clock game.'' Fundamentals, fundamentals and fundamentals are taught.
On average, the starting rate on Bay Area loans that adjust annually has jumped to 5.67 percent from 4.01 percent just before the Fed started ratcheting rates.
The average fixed bank card edged up to 17.75 percent from 17.51 percent just before the Fed began increasing rates.
From Seattle's Redhook Ale Brewery to Philadelphia's Dock Street Brewery, production of ``craft'' beers rose 40 percent in 1993, on top of a 35 percent increase the year before.
The Pete's TV spots, produced by San Francisco's Goodby Silverstein & Partners, make fun of the fact that Slosberg has a long way to go before he's a household name.
In one spot, the price of a photograph with Pete drops steadily from $1 to a nickel before Slosberg tapes up a hand-lettered sign reading ``NUDE.'' In another, a cop asks Slosberg if he has a permit and then is seen walking away with two bottles of Wicked Ale.
``Nowadays, there's a man who puts my belt in my belt loops before he hands my pants to me.'' He is in a restaurant near ABC's West Coast headquarters, one of the few landmarks in Los Angeles that he can already drive to without getting utterly lost.
For his pains, Aoun gave Leotard an invalid Lebanese passport, which the future minister accepted before continuing to fire his shells into the Muslim sector of Beirut.
For his pains, Aoun gave Leotard an invalid Lebanese passport, which the future minister accepted before continuing to fire his shells into the Muslim sector of Beirut.
``I have never had any case appear before me more often,'' said Delta County Magistrate Dennis Friedrichs, who heard the case until it was switched to Mesa County in April of this year.
``I wanted to be able to savor my accomplishments and celebrate before I even thought of starting on the next room or the next door.
But police counted 53 major crimes around Sycamore Rec on summer Saturday nights three years ago, before the games began as part of Fort Worth's so-called Code: Blue crime prevention campaign.
``It's a rat writ writ for a rat, and this is lawful service of same,'' the booze-sodden marshal slurred before drawing his Colt revolver and sending the intruder to rat eternity.
 (BC-MINI-MOVIE-REVIEWS-5thtake-LADN) THAT'S ENTERTAINMENT! III: More song-and-dance treasures from the MGM vault, this time accompanied by outtakes, behind-the-scenes footage and never before seen production numbers.
``For two years, day and night, I sat behind paper, so it turned out that I had even less free time than before,'' he said.
	The strong advocacy of family planning and women's choice by the U.N. Population Fund comes just three weeks before a major U.N. population conference opens in Cairo, where proposals about the role of abortion and birth control in managing population growth have already drawn fire from the Vatican and some Islamic groups.
He'd already retired -- briefly -- twice before, but this time it was for good.
``I come before him in the new Webster's Unabridged,'' he offered with a smug grin.
``I've never seen mom scared before,'' she told her dad and grandmother, ``but there she was, terrified, helpless.'' ``Was not,'' I said.
Brooke pledged not to do that, but shortly before his departure he began backtracking on his prior pledge to devote lottery money only to capital improvements.
The event and the Cuomo campaign's response were typical of what New York's gubernatorial campaign has become in the political doldrums before Labor Day.
The Animal Medical Center administers first aid and medical care at no charge, before transporting the animal to the ASPCA.
A vast plateau of potential achievement lies before him.
It is the duty of Congress to dissect and debate major proposals, such as health care and crime control legislation, before writing them into law.
Even before the hearings on White House-Treasury contacts on the Whitewater investigation, Treasury officials had predicted that contradictions between the testimony of Altman, Ms. Hanson and Secretary Lloyd Bentsen would make it impossible for them to continue to work together.
The strong advocacy of family planning and women's choice by the United Nations Population Fund comes just three weeks before a major U.N. population conference opens in Cairo, where proposals about the role of abortion and birth control in managing population growth have already drawn fire from the Vatican and some Islamic groups.
When she shifted her career from athletics to entertainment, she took along her Olympian regimen of coaching and practice by studying voice and acting for seven years before her professional debut in ``Wizard of Oz.'' ``I didn't know how to do anything else but train,'' said Rigby, chuckling.
THREE DAYS BEFORE POLLING DAY, MEXICAN CAMPAIGN ENDS MEXICO CITY  (BC-MEXICO-COX) Americans weary of high-pressure campaign volunteers who beg for their vote often up to the very last second before voters walk into their neighborhood polling station would envy Ernesto Galvan.
Not without time and concerted effort before the first pitch.
That way, players aren't performing at a kamikaze level before they have gotten in game shape.
It wouldn't do to have a Jets-Giants game a week before the real thing.
At one point, a locomotive chugs partially onstage before a barricade of logs stops it, steaming, in its tracks.
``I've gone from `Spanky' to `Cranky,''' McFarland said shortly before his death in 1993.
THREE DAYS BEFORE POLLING DAY, MEXICAN CAMPAIGN ENDS MEXICO CITY  (BC-MEXICO-1stLD-COX) Americans weary of high-pressure campaign volunteers who beg for their vote often up to the very last second before voters walk into their neighborhood polling station would envy Ernesto Galvan.
That tape was from my only previous television exposure, an exceedingly brief tenure eight years before as house beatnik on a CBS News program.
I didn't want to be a faux teen-ager reading plugs for pimple cream before introducing the latest video from Slayer.
``What,'' she asked, ``happened to your hair?'' Two days before my tryout I had called Ellen, an old friend from Minneapolis who now worked in television news in Los Angeles.
The year before I'd made a paltry third of that.
Let's put her on the shelf.' '' Some say the old order depended on a clubby, closed Grand Ole Opry network whose demise opened up country to new talent as it never had been before.
Clearly part of what's going on is the rise of videos, which have brought a level of sex appeal to country music that was never there before.
Then, there was a 20-minute delay due to technical problems before we could play.
Then, there was a 20-minute delay due to technical problems before we could play.
When the professorial chairman of America's central bank last testified before Congress, some senators openly ridiculed him.
Today they moved half a percent, which has a more settling influence on the market.'' That was an unmistakable signal that the Fed aims to stamp out inflation long before it threatens the economy.
``You and we have heard all this before,'' she said, ``and most of these arguments have been rejected.'' Humphrey said he believed the new lawsuit was substantially different than previous actions against companies that sought to prove that cigarettes were dangerous, and were often dismissed because people chose to smoke.
The count bottles his best ones under a label called ``Bruessele,'' after the Belgian nobles who owned the castle for centuries before his family did.
Months before, as a nurse in Rwanda, she had seen the mutilated bodies and treated the hacked victims of the massacres.
``For me,'' he said, ``when I came back from the camps the most difficult part was that after all you'd done during the day, you saw all the corpses.'' For Miss Rossi, who worked for Doctors Without Borders in Rwanda before joining the Red Cross, hundreds died before her eyes at the height of the cholera crisis.
``We swore like never before,'' Wenker said.
Wijetunga, who became president 15 months ago after a suspected Tamil suicide bomber killed his predecessor, Ranasinghe Premadasa, signaled that he would tread carefully before announcing his choice for prime minister by noon Thursday.
A delay could also give them a better idea of what is acceptable to the Senate before the House conducts any politically perilous health-care votes.
What Oregon has done is it focuses on the provision of preventive health care services and assesses an access to primary health care before serious health problems develop.
Remember that, before you make a bronze statue of Holy Bull and put it in the infield.'' He paused, and said: ``At 5:30 on Saturday, we'll see who is best.
Shuttle commander Mike Baker, pilot Terrence Wilcutt, flight engineer Dan Bursch and mission specialists Tom Jones, Jeff Wisoff and Steve Smith planned to board their spacecraft about three hours before the scheduled departure.
It's five seconds longer, but obviously has an entirely different impact.'' Rush has flirted with eroticism in his films before, but never on this scale.
Surprisingly, Rush believes simple timing plays a significant role in the fate of movies before the ratings board.
Less than a month before representatives of 180 nations meet in Cairo to discuss a draft document that lays down guidelines for avoiding a population explosion, the Vatican has acknowledged that its envoys have met recently with officials in Tehran and Tripoli.
She stays on even when people become a little cruel, intimating that her motives for appearing before the television cameras are less than pure.
McCarthy says her son is the only person she consults before agreeing to speak.
You don't have to be pitching to be improving.'' Wilson, 21, threw 143 innings this year at Florida State University before he arrived in the Mets' farm system, said Bill Latham, St. Lucie's pitching coach.
``These guys have been playing for a long time, but I started two months before they did.
The strong advocacy of family planning and women's choice by the U.N. Population Fund comes just three weeks before a major U.N. population conference opens in Cairo, Egypt, where proposals about the role of abortion and birth control in managing population growth have already drawn fire from the Vatican and some Islamic groups.
Uranium bombs can be even simpler; the first one, which was not even field tested before it was dropped on Hiroshima 49 years ago this month, used something resembling an artillery piece to merge two masses of uranium and create a critical mass.
Baxter said municipal officials would be apprised of the budget reviews every step of the way and would be given copies of the draft and final reports before they are made public.
``But some steps is real old and come from back in the days.'' Back in the days before Nintendo and television, when dirt roads took their first licks of pavement and electrified streetlights kept the dusk at bay, stoops were like stadium seats and ``communities were bound together by street games,'' said Zeitlin, who recently mounted an exhibition at the Museum of the City of New York on city games.
Gaining the status of a business improvement district is a complex process requiring support of the New York City Department of Business Services, the City Planning Commission, the City Council and numerous public hearings before being signed into law by the mayor.
Republicans had been calling for Altman's resignation since before the recent hearings into the Whitewater matter, which focused on whether Treasury Department officials improperly tipped off the White House about a Resolution Trust Corporation probe of Madison Guaranty and its owner, James B.
He said others should be fired, including Hanson and Treasury chief of staff Joshua Steiner, who was also involved in contacts with the White House and repudiated some damaging entries in his diary during testimony before Congress.
The Treasury secretary has denied knowing about the contacts until long after the fact, and he has been treated gingerly and respectfully in his two appearances before investigating committees.
So before he plunked down his $10,000, he spent far less on a phone call -- and found out the airline's chairman had a history of securities fraud.
The detectives also recommend that anyone considering making an investment should ask a lot of questions first, even before calling them.
Rios, 30, was in a coma for two weeks and in physical therapy for two months before leaving the hospital July 29.
(Rios said he canceled his medical insurance a month before the accident while he shopped for a more affordable one.) 
If that happened, the matter would go before an arbitration panel.
It could be a matter of days or over a week before it is settled.
CLINTON DEMANDING NORTH KOREAN INSPECTIONS WASHINGTON  (BC-KOREA-U.S.-525&ADD-NYT) Eager not to be seen as backing down in his dispute with North Korea, President Clinton is demanding that North Korea allow inspections of two nuclear sites before the United States and other countries provide it with modern nuclear reactors, White House officials said Wednesday.
``We're making very clear that the North Koreans will have to solve this problem with the inspections before anyone will deliver a reactor to them,'' an American official said.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) The United States is rushing to put together financing for the reactors before it resumes negotiations with North Korea on Sept.
North Korean officials say they promised not to refuel the reactor before Sept.
According to Nelson's lawyers, who plan to challenge the government's effort to try Nelson as an adult, a decision on his status is not likely to be made before next month.
SAYS HIGH PRICE IS WORTH IT  (BC-CYANAMID-ASSESS-ART-450&ADD-NYT) If a company agrees to buy something for 60 percent more than its market value, does that make its stock worth more or less than it was before?
Its successful bear hug of American Cyanamid will cost it $9.7 billion in cash, or $3.6 billion more than American Cyanamid was worth just before American Home Products made its intentions known on Aug.
As it happens, that premium amounts to 20 percent of the market value of American Home Products' stock before the takeover bid was initiated.
If investors thought that they had fairly valued both companies before the deal, logic would indicate that American Home Products' stock should plunge in value by about that percentage.
Nor was American Cyanamid's stock ridiculously depressed before the deal.
That American Home Products' stock could rise even after the company paid a big premium is a tribute to the willingness of investors to again believe in synergy, as well as to the fact that American Home Products was hardly trading at a premium before the deal.
But for shareholders of American Home Products, happiness will come only if this proves to be a case where American Cyanamid was grossly undervalued before the bidder appeared.
As I turned off Route 57 at Nordman, a hamlet on the west side of the lake just a few miles before the paved highway turns to a dirt fire road, the water shimmered beyond an outcropping of cabins.
A Louisiana native, he worked with Paul Prudhomme at K-Paul's Louisiana Kitchen in New Orleans before heading north, eventually taking over the kitchen of Campton Place.
``Honestly, I don't think it's the greatest idea,'' said Becker, after polishing off his opening-round match just before rain stopped the music, and the play.
Take it from Chuck Adams, who chose Boston's ``More Than a Feeling'' as his intro-music Wednesday before losing to Petr Korda, who selected ``Cuts Like a Knife'' by Bryan Adams.
``My view is that if you have a small overshooting of normal capacity, then you have a small acceleration of inflation,'' Blinder said in an interview the week before the Fed decided to make short-term interest rates a half-point higher.
But Bush spokeswoman Karen Hughes said Richards' new commercial ``misinforms and misleads.'' ``The facts are, crime in Texas is more violent, more random and the criminals are younger than ever before,'' Hughes said.
Altman had endured almost 15 hours of testimony before the House and Senate Banking committees over the course of two days.
 (BC-WHITEWATER-ALTMAN-2NDTAKE-NYT) During a chance encounter Wednesday in the hallway outside his office at the Treasury, minutes before the White House announced his resignation, Altman appeared calm but refused to discuss his departure or his future.
So I just enjoyed the scenery and let him kill himself.'' A few weeks before the mountain climb, Carvin won the National Collegiate Athletic Association titles in the 500-yard and 1,650-yard freestyle, breaking the U.S. record in both.
Peter McTeague, a market analysts with MCM MoneyWatch in Boston, a market research and analysis firm, said his firm's latest weekly investor survey conducted Monday just before the rate rise showed investors in their most defensive posture this year.
MCI's proposal to the Illinois Commerce Commission came just days before the commission is scheduled to begin hearings on Ameritech's plan to open local telephone service to competitors.
Rios, 30, was in a coma for two weeks and in physical therapy for two months before leaving the hospital July 29.
(Rios said he canceled his medical insurance a month before the accident while he shopped for a more affordable one.) 
I don't know and I know of no one who knows.'' Participants at the caucus said Gephardt told them to stay flexible because they might be called back before Labor Day.
9 to try to complete action before Yom Kippur begins on Sept.
There are several broad political concerns: All along, Democratic strategists have worried that sending members home for the August recess before voting on a bill would expose them to further lobbying and feed their jitters at a critical time.
In the absence of their doing that, I think all hope is lost.'' His reference to ``bill, or bundle,'' reflected the group's internal disagreement over whether it should propose an entirely new bill as a substitute for the Mitchell bill that is now before the Senate, or whether it should treat him more diplomatically and propose a batch of amendments.
CLINTON DEMANDING NORTH KOREAN INSPECTIONS WASHINGTON  (BC-KOREA-U.S.-1STLD-525&ADD-NYT) Eager not to be seen as backing down in his dispute with North Korea, President Clinton is demanding that North Korea allow inspections of two nuclear sites before the United States, South Korea and other countries provide it with modern nuclear reactors, White House officials said Wednesday.
``We're making very clear that the North Koreans will have to solve this problem with the inspections before anyone will deliver a reactor to them,'' an American official said.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) The United States is rushing to put together financing for the reactors before it resumes negotiations with North Korea on Sept.
North Korean officials say they promised not to refuel the reactor before Sept.
Leaders acknowledged Wednesday that they might not get back to health care until after Labor Day, cutting the time perilously close for action on such a major initiative before Election Day.
He said he had received a commitment from Attorney General Janet Reno that the death penalty would be applied ``in a fair and uniform manner.'' He also gave reporters copies of a memo from Ms. Reno to him that outlined the internal procedures governing the death penalty that she said would be ``in place'' at the Justice Department before the crime bill went into effect.
``I want to see a significant rebound in our trends before putting capital in new-store opening,'' he said.
In the three months that ended June 25, CompUSA recorded a gross profit margin of 10.6 percent, compared with 13.6 percent during the same time a year before.
The Land Tortoise was built as a floating artillery battery, a sort of primitive battleship, by American provincial volunteers allied with the British who were fighting the French for control of the North America before the Revolutionary War.
They carried rocks to weigh her down, but she drifted into deep water before sinking in more than 100 feet.
But the officials said there was no particular number of incoming refugees to be reached before putting the plan into effect.
The day before that, the authorities later learned, Abequa headed for his native Jordan with Lisa and Sami.
Gussal and her daughter Ms. Dokur had been appointed co-guardians of Lisa and Sami by a judge in Morris County, N.J., before Ms. Dokur left for Amman.
``I want to see a significant rebound in our trends before putting capital in new-store opening,'' he said.
In the three months that ended June 25, CompUSA recorded a gross profit margin of 10.6 percent, compared with 13.6 percent during the same time a year before.
Less than a month before representatives of 180 nations meet in Cairo to discuss a draft document that lays down guidelines for avoiding a population explosion, the Vatican has acknowledged that its envoys have met recently with officials in Tehran and Tripoli.
Since comparisons with previous periods are difficult because of changes in Hills accounting, the company provided figures for its earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, a measure of cash flow.
``But then targets of investigations don't usually go before grand juries,'' he said.
Henry Rice, a Crown Heights resident who appeared in June before the federal grand jury investigating Rosenbaum's slaying, has said he was repeatedly asked by Federal prosecutors whether he had any knowledge of any payment by Lewis to a witness named John Anderson to commit perjury during Nelson's 1992 murder trial.
Lazio, another Long Island Republican, said, ``I don't think he has been constructive.'' He complained that before last week's vote, Giuliani had not spoken to him and other local Republican members to understand their concerns about the financing of the bill.
Documents show that ownership of the parents' farm in Peekskill, N.Y., was transferred to George Pataki and his brother not long before the elder Pataki entered the home.
The transfer of nearly 13 acres of the 17-acre farm was recorded at the courthouse in July 1993, just one month before the elder Pataki entered the home.
The nursing home, which received $1.9 million last year from a special tax on out-of-state insurance companies, has a general rule that it may claim assets owned up to a year before a person enters the home.
The property, however, was out of the nursing home's reach because the deed shows that the elder Pataki and his wife, Margaret, actually signed over the property, for $10, in January 1992 -- 18 months before Louis Pataki Sr. moved into the home.
If he chose to give his farm to his children before he went into a nursing home, that was his right.'' Campaign officials said that Pataki had served with the Cortland Hook and Ladder Company No. 1 in Peekskill and with the Columbian Hose Company.
Under Medicaid rules in New York, assets may be claimed that were owned up to three years before a person enters a nursing home.
He was associated with Manhattan Eye, Ear and Throat for more than 40 years, performing thousands of operations and training hundreds of young physicians before his retirement in 1980.
Osuna, 21, appeared in two spring-training exhibitions last March (before changing his name from Pedro Osuna).
8, or the day before.
Ito agreed, however, to let the prosecution begin the process of extracting DNA from two blood swatches at the DOJ lab in Berkeley before the hearing, but only with a defense expert present.
The photos were taken last year in Kenya before the Simpson murders, said spokesman Bill Farley.
Wijetunga, who became president 15 months ago after a suspected Tamil suicide bomber killed his predecessor, Ranasinghe Premadasa, signaled that he would tread carefully before announcing his choice for prime minister by noon Thursday.
But the officials said there was no particular number of incoming refugees to be reached before putting the plan into effect.
JUDICIAL PANEL NIXES THREE MINORITY DISTRICTS IN TEXAS HOUSTON  (BC-TEXAS-DISTRICTS-475&ADD-NYT) With less than 90 days before the November election, a U.S. judicial panel threw Texas politics into turmoil Wednesday by ruling that three oddly shaped congressional districts in Houston and Dallas were unconstitutional because they had been created solely to protect minorities.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Wednesday night, in a statement that reflected the confusion over the issue, Dan Morales, the state attorney general whose office defended the existing districts, said that the matter would wind up before the Supreme Court, probably next year, and that it would be pointless to redraw districts now that might later be upheld.
There has been just the drafting of Temple's Eddie Jones and, before that, the hiring of Del Harris as head coach.
``I believe before we go to (training) camp, they (Lakers officials) will probably make a deal of some kind.
``I will wait to see the final outcome concerning the Tony Casillas situation before I'll express an opinion of a personal nature,'' Peterson said.
They didn't pick a starter until three days before the first game.
Attorney Frank Nicholas, who represented Forest Lawn in the Williamson civil suit, said his client admitted negligence only because it could not identify Williamson's remains ``with any degree of confidence.'' Richard Williamson, one of five siblings who sued Forest Lawn, said, `They still haven't apologized and they still haven't found my father's body.'' Williamson, of Hollywood, said the terms of the settlement reached Tuesday before Glendale Superior Court Judge S.
Lescoe, who was cremated in Las Vegas, was supposed to have been interred at Forest Lawn Memorial-Park, Glendale the day before the discovery.
As the not-guilty verdicts on six murder counts were announced just before 10 p.m. on Wednesday -- after a two-week trial and seven hours of deliberations -- Jackson-Knight, a slender, sharp-featured 37-year-old, folded his hands prayerfully and appeared to be fighting back tears at the defense table in state Supreme Court in Brooklyn.
``The Brooklyn district attorney's office put this man in jail wrongfully for 12 years,'' Jackson-Knight's lawyer, Robert Sullivan, said, counting the time he spent in jail in the rape-murder case before that acquittal.
Among that material were statements made to prosecutors before the trial by a police arson detective, who told them he believed the fire could have resulted from an electrical accident rather than arson.
The district attorney's office denied that the detective, Harold Dugan, had made such statements before the trial.
He said he had told prosecutors before the first trial that he thought Jackson-Knight was the ``wrong man,'' but, similarly, had not been given a chance to tell this to the first jury.
A teacher stands at the end of each row, giving lessons to each row for 15 minutes or so before moving on to the next one.
Thompson said that because teachers will be asked to work more days this year, they will be almost back to their pay level before the 10 percent cut.
Thompson said that because teachers will be asked to work more days this year, they will be almost back to their pay level before the 10 percent cut.
Thompson said that because teachers will be asked to work more days this year, they will be almost back to their pay level before the 10 percent cut.
Rewrap them in fresh banana leaves (available at farmers' markets) before steaming.
The cool, refreshing crunchiness of jicama is well appreciated in Mexico, where it is frequently cut into sticks and served with fresh lime and salt before a meal.
The marinade may be made well ahead of time, but the shrimp should be added no more than 3 hours before serving.
Albrecht served as executive chef and Karatassos as food and beverage manager before they came to Atlanta to start their own enterprise.
He pops in and out of lineup meetings, the full-dress-required, mandatory staff meeting that occurs before each night's opening.
O'Leary first recruited him in 1991, before he left with Bobby Ross for the San Diego Chargers and while Fortune was in high school in Roosevelt, N.Y. O'Leary still recalls the backboard Fortune shattered in a basketball playoff game.
``It complied with the laws that were in effect then.'' Even before the Justice probe, ACOG invited activists to serve on its Committee for Disabled Accessibility to work on the venue designs.
They start demanding my attention at least a month before the first school bell rings.
Every year before school started I went to Rosenthal's Dry Goods on Main Street and bought a new pair of Levis.
And before there were TV talk shows, we also didn't know about grandmothers who had sex with Cub Scouts, transexual counselors, sex diets, hooker how-to authors, support groups for people who shoot abortion doctors, skin-heads, gang bangers, neo-Nazis and porn star therapists.
Then on Wednesday it hit an all-time high of $46.50, adjusted for splits, before closing at $46.125 in heavier-than-usual trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
I felt that once it started, it'd be at least two weeks before you saw any kind of (meaningful) talks -- not to say that in two weeks there would be a solution.'' CHATTER: Because the NCAA requires six wins over Division 1-A schools to play in a bowl game, Georgia Tech is in the process of eliminating 1-AA schools from its future schedules.
It was back before the headlines could be set in type.
He had met Wilson before, when the San Diego Republican was running for governor and a massive fire was threatening Santa Barbara.
The midwife took a creative set of detours before arriving at a barricade blocking traffic from entering Atascadero.
It had less than a mile to go before it would consume the Bullards' home.
Rick `Boomer' O'Shay, and I always enjoy a few cold, satisfying Artic Ices before I fire my -- hic -- great big cannon.
Early autumn, before the snows, is a good time to visit the Wyoming park.
Many business leaders expect gas to reach $40 a gallon before long.
Paul and her husband, Keith, for instance, said they studied the risks of a vaginal birth for months before deciding to have their second child at home.
I've just never before now tried to verbalize it all.
I've just never before now tried to verbalize it all.
Also in 1983, just before his divorce from his first wife was final, an erstwhile girlfriend accused Niland of stealing a suitcase filled with clothing, personal items and jewelry, and offering to return the allegedly filched items for $3,000.
Also in 1983, just before his divorce from his first wife was final, an erstwhile girlfriend accused Niland of stealing a suitcase filled with clothing, personal items and jewelry, and offering to return the allegedly filched items for $3,000.
For his pains, Aoun gave Leotard an invalid Lebanese passport, which the future minister accepted before continuing to fire his shells into the Muslim sector of Beirut.
For his pains, Aoun gave Leotard an invalid Lebanese passport, which the future minister accepted before continuing to fire his shells into the Muslim sector of Beirut.
``Actually, I still love John Niland, but not in any way like I loved him before.
``Actually, I still love John Niland, but not in any way like I loved him before.
Once involved in drug and alcohol abuse, as well as a violent relationship with a man before Niland, she said she and John ``really, work at right thinking....
Once involved in drug and alcohol abuse, as well as a violent relationship with a man before Niland, she said she and John ``really, work at right thinking....
``I wouldn't let him in the room before the boys were born.'' Nor will she let the ex-husband in her home today, ``not even when he comes to get the kids for the weekend.'' But circumstances are beginning to turn around.
``I wouldn't let him in the room before the boys were born.'' Nor will she let the ex-husband in her home today, ``not even when he comes to get the kids for the weekend.'' But circumstances are beginning to turn around.
It has no problem boldly going where one film has gone before and calling it ``an updating.'' And so, 30 years after ``Seven Days in May,'' HBO lets loose with ``The Enemy Within,'' a remake of that classic thriller that plays like, well, a remake: It's pretty good, but not nearly as good as the original.
The rest of ``The Enemy Within'' plays as a race against the clock, with Casey serving as whistle blower to alert both the president's chief of staff (Delany) and the man himself -- trying to brainstorm a way to derail this attempted coup before it's too late.
``I know it wasn't professional of me, but I hadn't performed it live before,'' Cole said of the sad, diarylike ``Bethlehem,'' a track from her well-received debut album, ``Harbinger.'' That performance in 1992 at the tiny New York cafe Sin-e, led to her signing with the BMG-owned Imago label.
It was more people than I've ever played to.'' In fact, Cole was used to playing for just a handful of folks before Gabriel tapped her to join his tour late last year.
``To drive onto that lot every day, as soon as I got to that gate it would be like sticking a knife in my ribs and reminding me of a very bad circumstance before,'' Garner said.
Today, it only bothers me right before I go on stage, and then I'm OK.'' Sable's debut album, ``Old Times' Sake'' (Scotti Bros.), recently was issued.
``Sooner or later, though, all the hard work's going to pay off.'' The July fight was in question until a few days before the bout.
He was nine pounds over the 151-pound limit three days before the bout.
``David had a sick feeling because he had been that route before,'' Viscusi said.
``David's tough inside and out, and although he's been frustrated at times, I keep telling him that his time will come because we've been so close before.
``It'll probably just blow over,'' says Dr. Moore, shortly before he is killed by someone wearing a fingerless chain-mail glove with a built-in dagger at the knuckles.
Born where he belonged, in Los Angeles, Corman swabbed decks for the Navy, pigeonholed memos at 20th-Century Fox, and read English literature at Oxford before landing back in Hollywood to begin a 40-year (and counting) career directing, producing and distributing movies.
But her arms are bony to the point of skeletal, the world-class gymnast having evaporated years before.
Then I took it meal by meal, day by day.'' It took two years before she stopped throwing up.
Just before the summer season in Central Park began, however, plans collapsed and a substitute player had to be rushed into the lineup.
Nor does it help that audiences will know exactly where David Wellington's flat, earnest film is headed long before ``A Man in Uniform'' actually gets there.
 (BC-SHRIMP-FACTS-RECIPES-2NDTAKE-HNS) Here are some tips on preparing shrimp: Shrimp may be shelled and cleaned before or after simmering.
Some people find it easier to remove the small sand vein when the shrimp is raw; others prefer to cook the shrimp before peeling.
To butterfly shrimp, clean before cooking.
So the night before the crime is spent in lurid, stoned, somewhat studious debauchery.
But before you know it, Bob is murdered.
``Color of Night'' may well be the satire of the year, the movie that mocks where none has gone before.
But invitations to weathered cottages and sandy bungalows have dried up, you've overdosed on culture and all New York City stretches before you like a sea of concrete.
It took a minute before the band and Cliff were able to meet each other halfway.
	Appearing at times nervous and uncertain, before a carefully screened gathering of some 150 reporters and Swedish supporters, Dr. Nasrin said she now intended to use Stockholm and travels elsewhere in Europe to write and speak out against fundamentalism, which she described as ``spreading darkness in many parts of the world.'' 	``I have so far avoided the death the fundamentalists have been promsing me,'' she said, reading prepared remarks written in English.
	In a speech to Parliament and a flurry of interviews, Mr. Mandela declared that the climate of consensus had been created and the machinery of Government put in place, and before long the impatiently awaited benefits of democracy would flow.
Then suddenly it shuddered into silence -- its main engines shut down before the scheduled dawn launch because of an overheated fuel pump.
We can occupy our time before the Sept.
Jesse Helms were sitting at the same table, but ``at no point was there any physical contact between myself and Congressman Studds, his lover or Senator 	If the Wonderbra left you lukewarm, consider a new ``cold bra'' manufactured by Symphony Bien Etre in France: 	The bra is to be put into the freezer for a half-hour before wearing, thereby causing women to ``feel lively when wearing it,'' Symphony's 	``If only you were again with me for a while! We understand so well each other's dark souls, and also drinking coffee and eating sausages, etc.'' 	-- From the love letters to 
``Sooner or later, though, all the hard work's going to pay off.'' The July fight was in question until a few days before the bout.
He was nine pounds over the 151-pound limit three days before the bout.
``David had a sick feeling because he had been that route before,'' Viscusi said.
``David's tough inside and out, and although he's been frustrated at times, I keep telling him that his time will come because we've been so close before.
Jesse Helms were sitting at the same table, but ``at no point was there any physical contact between myself and Congressman Studds, his lover or Senator 	If the Wonderbra left you lukewarm, consider a new ``cold bra'' manufactured by Symphony Bien Etre in France: 	The bra is to be put into the freezer for a half-hour before wearing, thereby causing women to ``feel lively when wearing it,'' Symphony's 	``If only you were again with me for a while! We understand so well each other's dark souls, and also drinking coffee and eating sausages, etc.'' 	-- From the love letters to 
At six seconds before liftoff, the rocket's main liquid fuel engine was ignited.
	The automatic engine shutdown, the fifth such incident in 13 years of shuttle flights and the third since April, 1993, occurred moments before the space plane's two big solid-fuel rocket boosters would have ignited to hurl the ship from its launching pad.
He said that after listening to Reischauer he had concluded that it will be ``weeks, if not months, before we can cast a knowledgeable vote.'' Breaux denied that, and shrugged off the skepticism.
That was before carjackings grabbed the public's attention.
They introduced the bill before the House committees on Government Operations, the Judiciary and Intelligence.
Catholicos Vazgen, supreme patriarch of All Armenians, succeeded in loosening the shackles of the Armenian Gregorian Church well before the breakup of the Soviet Union.
He condemned the veneration of Jewish shrines and rituals as tokens of good luck, labeling the Western Wall, a popular pilgrimage site, ``a religious disco.'' Born in Riga, Latvia, in 1903, Leibowitz studied chemistry and philosophy in Berlin and medicine in Basel, Switzerland, before emigrating to Palestine in 1934.
He made an auspicious beginning with the novel ``Auto-da-Fe,'' the story of a reclusive scholar whose loutish wife forces him out of his apartment into the real world, where he undergoes degradation and torment before setting fire to himself and his books.
Canetti wrote two plays, ``The Wedding'' and ``The Comedy of Vanity,'' before fleeing first to Paris and eventually to London ahead of the Nazis.
The 32-year-old Cowell curtailed his habit of counting his birdies before they were hatched Thursday and, in the process, he captured the Met Open, the area's most prestigious golf tournament.
A cleaner may warn you of potential problems beforehand and require you to sign a release form before he cleans the garment.
They usually are glad to sew them back on for you before cleaning the garment.
In ``The City in History'' Lewis Mumford writes of a malaise similar to ours that arose in the sixth century before Christ.
If Fox agreed to go ahead, the producers would have to finish a script before Christmas to stay on schedule.
Pearce never directed a TV program before, but Lippman and Keyser were impressed with his feature films, including ``The Long Walk Home'' and ``Leap of Faith.'' Then they hired a line producer to handle day-to-day details and a casting director.
Otherwise, Lippman said, ``you would look at the family and say, `There's three kids I've never seen before and this actor.' '' It took only about ``35 seconds'' to realize that Scott Wolf was right for Bailey.
We hit it right off and we went right to work.'' Casting ended a couple of weeks before production was to begin April 5 in Vancouver, British Columbia.
You say to yourself you will not sit at home and wait for the phone to ring and then you call your agent up a lot.'' Keyser said: ``We found out a day or two before they announced it publicly.
But sure enough, even before she said, ``I do,'' she needed one.
After all, it was less than five hours before the wedding, and she didn't know what to do.
Marian Humphrey called a friend in the dry cleaning business who -- on a Saturday -- opened his store and successfully cleaned the garment before the wedding.
A day before the date in small-claims court, she said, the cleaner called and apologized.
 (BC-DRY-CLEANERS-2NDTAKE-KAN) Once, before a trip, she sent some soiled clothes to a dry cleaner.
Introduced by Reed as ``our next shooting guard'' -- before the Nets signed the free agent gunner Sean Higgins, Reed intimated that was the position they wanted filled before the draft -- Dare rose to the podium amid laughter, looking, well, huge.
``If we had to say, `How soon could Yinka possibly be a starter for you on your ball club?' I'd say two years.'' Benjamin has two years left on his Nets contract before he becomes an unrestricted free agent.
``It's going to take a month before I can resist the urge to kill him,'' the prosecutor, Claire McCaskill, tells the press.
Instead of feeling hounded to get out replies before the stack becomes too oppressive, I can appreciate the letters for the good words and ideas they contain.
More was expected before Saturday, and nobody could predict how quickly the track would dry out.
For example: Judy Garland's production number ``I'm an Indian, Too'' from ``Annie Get Your Gun,'' shot before she suffered a nervous breakdown and was replaced in the movie by Betty Hutton.
Chiles claimed that he privately asked for federal help before the hurricane struck.
Chiles claimed that he privately asked for federal help before the hurricane struck.
Similar gatherings before and after were filmed by others, but Riefenstahl's amazingly poetic vision, ``Triumph of the Will,'' so captured the unstoppable singlemindedness of National Socialism that it became a classic.
Jia-Jen (Kuei-Mei Yang) is an old maid schoolteacher who, dumped by her true love a decade before, has dismayed her traditionalist father by becoming a drably pious Christian.
 (BC-LEWIS-COLUMN-NYT) Freedom for political speech has broader support in this country than ever before, I believe.
``When I appeared before the judge,'' he said, ``I decided to add the America at the last minute.'' He added: ``This way my wife can be called Mrs.
Chiles claimed that he privately asked for federal help before the hurricane struck.
Chiles claimed that he privately asked for federal help before the hurricane struck.
As before, the administration expresses confidence in Yeltsin's government to maintain control over the 30,000 nuclear warheads and related technology developed by the former Soviet Union.
By law, there can be no campaigning 72 hours before Election Day.
It was said Fernandez had to cut short his appearance because he was suffering from a severe gastro-intestinal illness and, indeed, a doctor was seen rushing into his hotel shortly before the final event.
In a speech to Parliament and a flurry of interviews, Mandela declared that the climate of consensus had been created and the machinery of government put in place, and before long the impatiently awaited benefits of democracy would flow.
(``Day 51: It is in the middle of one of South Africa's coldest winters, and he stays indoors.'') The paper commissioned a poll that showed, not surprisingly, that black and white South Africans generally feel better about each other than they did before the election.
In a match that was halfway complete before being washed out by Wednesday night's showers, Stich gave Marcello Rios, last year's top-ranked junior, a 6-3, 7-5 dressing-down.
And just before an early evening drizzle settled in, Stich turned in an even more persuasive performance against Daniel Vacek for a 6-2, 6-2 victory that was briefly interrupted in the second set when the toddler son of the doubles player Cyril Suk yanked a fire alarm in the players' lounge.
Joy was known as the Joy Manufacturing Co. before going private in a leveraged buyout in 1987.
But because the effects of currency fluctuation on trade figures lag by 12 to 18 months, he said it would be some time before the Japanese trade surplus began to narrow in dollar terms.
``For the depreciating country, things get worse before they get better,'' Aho said.
As the defendant, Paul Hill, stood before Circuit Court Judge Frank Bell to hear the charges against him, security was tight.
Kansas City NAACP members met Tuesday and are awaiting the outcome of Saturday's meeting before taking any action.
What changed their minds, however, was when Chavis didn't consult with the NAACP general counsel or its executive board before agreeing to a financial settlement with a former NAACP employee who had accused him of sexual harassment.
``It's helped us quite a bit in terms of who is using what; before we had no idea at all,'' said Michael Zuelke, a technician with Mobil Exploration and Discovery, a unit of Mobil Oil based in New Orleans.
But an administration official said the Secret Service, a Treasury agency, did perform an extensive background check on Knight before he took his current post as Bentsen's senior adviser and executive secretary.
Ms. Hanson's departure had been expected since it became known, before the recent congressional hearings on Whitewater, that her version of events surrounding contacts between the White House and Treasury officials contradicted both Altman's and Bentsen's.
After that, they saw his mother, brothers, and sister at their home in the Amman suburbs for the first time in their lives and then went sightseeing with their father before he was arrested.
And the disciplines or careers that nascent cyberlawyers pursued before turning to law -- physics, biology, computer programming and the like -- usually involved extensive use of the Internet.
 (BC-SHUTTLE-NYT) The flight of the space shuttle Endeavour was aborted just 1.9 seconds before liftoff early Thursday, the closest to launch time the engines have ever been shut down.
All three of the shuttle's main engines ignited on time 6.6 seconds before a scheduled liftoff of 6:54 a.m. ET.
The automatic engine shutdown, the fifth such incident in 13 years of shuttle flights and the third since April 1993, occurred moments before the space plane's two big solid-fuel rocket boosters would have ignited to propel the ship from its launching pad.
Jones, the payload commander who has flown once before.
Smith, who has not flown before, and Navy Commander Daniel W.
When on-board computers detected the problem, he said, they automatically turned the engines off in sequence beginning 1.9 seconds before the boosters were to ignite.
But in a statement, Cuomo said his plan would be ``a cornerstone of my legislative program for my next term should I have the good fortune of continuing to serve this great state.'' In his announcement, he set a tax-cutting goal during several years of $1 billion to $1.5 billion and directed his staff to develop ``a multi-year blueprint'' to be released before Election Day.
Right before serving, add avocado and shrimp and taste for seasoning.
1 pound large shrimp, shelled and deveined Basic Vinaigrette 3 medium zucchini, cut lengthwise into 1/4-inch slices 16 stalks asparagus, trimmed 8 green onions, white and light green parts only 2 ears corn, husked 2 medium heads Belgian endive 2 medium heads radicchio 2 medium heads butter lettuce 1 ripe medium avocado, peeled, pitted and diced 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh herbs: any combination of basil, parsley, dill and chives Thread shrimp on metal or bamboo skewers (soak bamboo in cold water for 1/2 hour before grilling) and lay them flat in a shallow nonaluminum dish.
She was apparently beaten before she was killed.
This was one of several dinner celebrations held over the last few few days for Kobozev, who had shortly before won the U.S. Boxing Association cruiserweight championship.
But we've been led to believe not before midweek.
I was born with Fidel, and I want to have what I've never had before,'' she said.
And before the new secretary picked his staff, Coelho proposed several choices to him; one, Kim Schnoor, a former congressional aide of Coelho, became Espy's domestic counselor.
And the conventional wisdom is that Washington's preoccupation with issues such as crime legislation and health care reform, plus the special status baseball clubs enjoy among legislators, will render this issue moot before Congress takes its August break.
Seeming at times nervous and appearing under police guard before a carefully screened public gathering of some 150 reporters and Swedish supporters, Ms. Nasrin said she would continue to write and speak against Muslim fundamentalism, which she described as ``spreading darkness in many parts of the world.'' ``I have so far avoided the death the fundamentalists have been promising me,'' she said, reading prepared remarks written in English.
The State Department has already decided to phase out the Vietnamese refugee program by the end of 1995 -- but not before as many as another 30,000 former political prisoners have been admitted.
Most lawmakers said a conference between House and Senate negotiators would have to be reconvened before the bill could be brought back for a procedural vote, known as the rule, that would allow it to move to the House floor for final passage.
No Haitians were hurt in the hourlong altercation that began shortly before midnight on Wednesday, when Army MPs broke up a fight between a male refugee and a female refugee, a Pentagon spokesman said.
the Board of Education of Topeka, they were saying that segregation was over.'' More than ever before, the governing Institutional Revolutionary Party would appear to have a genuine interest in keeping at least the balloting clean.
It ranked eighth in the AFC in passing, the same as the year before.
But it's gone pretty good.'' This is likely to be Montana's last extensive action before the season begins.
Similarly, even after the government and the PRI agreed to the creation of a special prosecutor for electoral crimes, differences among the political parties over who to name to the post and the refusal of at least two agreed-on candidates to serve delayed the investiture until only a month before the election.
Before the proposition was passed, California insurance companies were free to charge whatever rates the market would bear, with no approval required from regulators before raising rates.
In arguments before the state Supreme Court, they said the proposition and the actions of the commissioner were illegal because they amounted to a confiscation of property and did not allow them to earn a fair return.
He also warned that the mayor's office needed to rethink what services it wanted to reduce before losing the workers across the board.
``There's going to be a reassessment of the desirability of actually doing business here.'' Harvey Rosenfield, who heads the consumer organization that wrote and sponsored Proposition 103, said he has heard it all before.
A hearing was held before an administrative law judge, who ruled in favor of the department.
Henry Rice, a Brooklyn man who testified before the grand jury, said federal prosecutors had sought to determine whether Arthur Lewis Jr., the lawyer who represented Nelson at his state trial, had paid Anderson for his testimony.
Gutfreund, once one of the most powerful men on Wall Street, has lost more than $5 million of his own money, and probably will lose a lot more before he is done dealing with the aftermath of the Treasury bond bidding scandal that cost him his job as chairman and chief executive of Salomon Inc.
``He said he had never done it before and would never do it again.'' But Mozer did do it again.
AUTHOR GETS APOLOGY IN LIBEL CASE  (BC-MAXWELL-MIRROR-LIBEL-NYT) An American author and his British publisher on Thursday accepted substantial damages and an apology that effectively ended a libel action brought against them in English courts by Robert Maxwell and his newspaper company before his death.
In Thursday's proceedings, a lawyer for the Mirror Group, which was controlled by Maxwell before his death in November 1991, said it acknowledged that Hersh ``is an author of excellent reputation and of the highest integrity who would never write anything which he did not believe to be true and that he was in this instance fully justified in writing what he did.'' Hersh's book said that Maxwell had ties with Mossad, the Israeli intelligence service, and that Nicholas Davies, foreign editor of The Daily Mirror, the flagship of Maxwell's newspaper empire, had helped arrange the sale of Israeli arms to Iran as well as help Israeli agents kidnap an Israeli nuclear technician.
According to the complaint, Pegram learned about the fraud by Comptronix executives from Adler on November 16, 1992, nine days before the company's public announcement.
In spring training, Hitchcock lambasted the Yankees for their long history of treating young pitchers in shabby fashion, saying the team gave the pitchers six starts before replacing them with ``another Dave LaPoint.'' He was scolded and even muzzled by the organization.
Since the Yankees still had options on Hitchcock and reliever Joe Ausanio, they dispatched both to Class AAA before the strike began last Friday so they could continue to pitch.
9 before the strike.
 (BC-SHUTTLE-HNS) The launching of the shuttle Endeavour was aborted less than two seconds before liftoff Thursday, delaying the 10-day environmental research mission until early October.
Ironically, the computer software introduces a 200-degree warmer limit just before liftoff, so engines can be powered up for higher-than-normal performance, if necessary, during the shuttle's ascent to orbit.
The cucumber should not be cut more than an hour before serving, or it will become soft and mushy.
Just before serving, shred cucumber in a food processor fitted with a thin julienne blade.
Do not do this more than one hour before serving.
Let chicken rest 10 minutes before carving.
First, I would commend my colleague, Senator Daschle, the Senator from South Dakota, for bringing the issue before the Senate because health care for rural Americans is a very important issue.
We have heard time and time again that the bill before us is not a government-run bill.
But as I have pointed out on this floor, there are 55 new government agencies created by the bill that is before us -- 55 -- and I have detailed those and outlined those by sections.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) In an interview, Garry acknowledged that he intended only to require the Pataki campaign to bring the D'Amato account back up to where it was before money was spent on Pataki's behalf and that his mathematical calculations may have been wrong.
But Pataki's press secretary, Caroline Quartararo, said the campaign would refund the money immediately, before the Appellate Division rules on the case later this month.
Kumaratunga is now expected to run for a six-year presidential term herself, probably against Wijetunga, in an election that must be held before Dec.
Most lawmakers said a conference between House and Senate negotiators would have to be reconvened before the bill could be brought back for a procedural vote, known as the rule, that would allow it to move to the House floor for final passage.
``I'm looking for other things as a player now than I was before.'' Pepperdine officials declined comment Thursday, apparently waiting until some final details are resolved before making an official announcement.
A rest is planned, then one prep before the Nov.
``The Sportswriters on TV.'' B.B. stares down the entire New York press corps before smacking them with an inflated mallet.
``And I'm trying to accomplish becoming one of the best receivers in the league.'' Wright has been through this before.
``The Sportswriters on TV.'' B.B. stares down the entire New York press corps before smacking them with an inflated mallet.
Bennett, made it clear, shortly after the suit was filed, that he would argue that the president was immune from civil suit while in office even for acts that may have occurred before he assumed the presidency.
But the court has never considered the issue of immunity, even just for the duration of serving in office, for acts that might have been committed before taking office and that were not official.
``When people vote for something, the corporations -- no matter how powerful they may be -- must obey the law.'' Garamendi said the ruling gives him the authority to order insurers to pay the remaining $1 billion owed to policyholders under his Proposition 103 rules, but he cautioned that it might be months or longer before consumers actually see rebate checks.
``When people vote for something, the corporations -- no matter how powerful they may be -- must obey the law.'' Garamendi said the ruling gives him the authority to order insurers to pay the remaining $1 billion owed to policyholders under his Proposition 103 rules, but he cautioned that it might be months or longer before consumers actually see rebate checks.
Most lawmakers said a conference between House and Senate negotiators would have to be reconvened before the bill could be brought back for a procedural vote, known as the rule, that would allow it to move to the House floor for final passage.
HEAVY CAMPAIGNING IS OVER, BUT MEXICO CITY ABUZZ OVER WHAT'S TO COME SUNDAY MEXICO CITY  (BC-MEXICO-ELECTIONS-TEX) After 145 days of nonstop political warfare, Mexicans will enjoy a brief peace Friday before Sunday's presidential election because of a 72-hour ban on formal campaigning.
If the U.S. Supreme Court agrees to hear the case, companies might decide to wait for the outcome of that appeal before complying with the state order.
If the U.S. Supreme Court agrees to hear the case, companies might decide to wait for the outcome of that appeal before complying with the state order.
As a result, the roughly 100 teachers at Vaughn and Fenton must answer a question never before faced by teachers in the school district's 140-year history: Do they stay on the job because they're happy with the contract at their schools, or support a strike in solidarity with their colleagues who have been offered less money at other schools?
The average teacher salary before the pay cuts was $45,005 a year.
``I could not believe she is so beautiful a girl.'' A week before, on Aug.
Now we have the experience of what happened, and the Governor has taken action to contain the process and assist local authorities.'' To this point, the new Cuban refugees have received only cursory federal processing before being released into the country, in keeping with a three-decade-old open-door policy toward Cubans who flee the Havana government.
The former Lakers forward had a roller-coaster season, being waived by the Lakers in December, when he was pulled off the team bus before a game in Detroit to inform him that he was cut from the team.
Frank Wheaton, the agent for Lakers forward James Worthy, said Thursday there was no chance Worthy would retire before the coming season.
Hours before a crucial game against Washington, Ford missed three consecutive point-blank attempts.
``But I've found that what makes the difference in the young men, before a good mental set you've got to have confidence.
2, the same day the special master presented his plan to Judge Spatt and only days before a hearing at which the judge was expected to impose a settlement based on Wesley's proposal.
A crime bill is a pre-election ritual, meant not to reduce crime but to give politicians something to parade before their voters.
Yet the hard truth is that if health-care reform is not passed before November's elections, it certainly will not be afterwards, when Clinton's ability to push anything through Congress will be far smaller.
A crime bill is a pre-election ritual, meant not to reduce crime but to give politicians something to parade before their voters.
Yet the hard truth is that if health-care reform is not passed before November's elections, it certainly will not be afterwards, when Clinton's ability to push anything through Congress will be far smaller.
The first is the American Airlines strike in 1993, just before that year's Thanksgiving holiday.
The first is the American Airlines strike in 1993, just before that year's Thanksgiving holiday.
The first is the American Airlines strike in 1993, just before that year's Thanksgiving holiday.
The Chargers controlled the ball for 18 minutes, 39 seconds before halftime, nearly the time of possession the 49ers allowed to Denver in an entire game last week.
We stood for a moment before deciding not to be too picky.
Long before Chavis gained his notoriety, the NAACP's presence and relevance in black America and across the nation had sunk to an all-time low.
Or because she lived in an age before the National Enquirer made the lives of entertainers part of the public domain.
Until recently, African-Americans had little hope of finding family history before the Civil War.
``Talk to your mother and father, grandparents and great-grandparents before they die.
It has 98,000 cubic feet of historical records and family documents dating to before the Civil War.
It even manages to turn into an effective love story before the final reel.
At the official opening July 11 at the Hollywood Bowl, a day before he turned 60, Cliburn came out in the second half complaining of dizziness.
It would be several hours before tourists and peddlers crowded the narrow streets of the Mexican community across the Rio Grande from Del Rio.
Parents are urged to learn more about the film before taking children.
It has also been of a type that none has ever experienced before.
A crime bill is a pre-election ritual, meant not to reduce crime but to give politicians something to parade before their voters.
Yet the hard truth is that if health-care reform is not passed before November's elections, it certainly will not be afterwards, when Clinton's ability to push anything through Congress will be far smaller.
The first is the American Airlines strike in 1993, just before that year's Thanksgiving holiday.
The first is the American Airlines strike in 1993, just before that year's Thanksgiving holiday.
The first is the American Airlines strike in 1993, just before that year's Thanksgiving holiday.
The name says it all: Stateline is on the border and the first casino stop for California motorists entering Nevada (and the last chance to gamble before leaving).
It was only a matter of time before these java junkies revolted against the ordinary-at-best stuff at the office.
Participants who contributed to a 403(b) plan before 1987 can wait to begin withdrawals on that money until age 75.
You are wise to raise a tax flag before making any change.
YOUNG MAJORINO SHINES IN SWEET AND WARM `CORRINA'  (BC-FILM-`CORRINA'-REVIEW-HNS) ``Corrina, Corrina'' dispenses a few smiles, tugs the old heart a couple of times and goes on its way, a guest that wisely departs before the visit gets old.
Chanel's researchers had these women apply the cream for several weeks and took silicon castings of part of each woman's thigh, before and after.
In other words, think twice before you create more entitlement programs.
``It's closer than we've ever gotten before,'' he said.
In America you should talk like an American, which means expressing your ideas with the help of baseball metaphors and such tried-and-true platitudes as ``make hay while the sun shines'' or ``look before you leap.'' Any topic requiring more complex imagery than that would just bore people to death, anyway, and is probably best kept to yourself.
(ital)boudoir(end ital)-- The sound that (ital)escargot(end ital) emit just before they are plunged into a pot of boiling water.
In other words, think twice before you create more entitlement programs.
In other words, think twice before you create more entitlement programs.
	PARIS (NYT) -- Claiming that it had fulfilled its duty, France Friday again rejected appeals for it to prolong its military mission in Rwanda and confirmed that all its troops will have left the African nation before a United Nations mandate expires at midnight on Sunday.
	But while opposition candidates have tested the governing party as never before, the dire problems and sharp demands for change that have punctuated Mexico's extraordinary year seem almost to have gotten lost on the way to the polls.
There's a football field for pickup play, and a baseball diamond that, on a recent visit, was covered with folding chairs lined up before a giant outside screen -- Gitmo's equivalent of a drive-in movie theater.
There's a football field for pickup play, and a baseball diamond that, on a recent visit, was covered with folding chairs lined up before a giant outside screen -- Gitmo's equivalent of a drive-in movie theater.
Bad pitching is why the hitters were having such a ball before they walked.
Bad pitching is why the hitters were having such a ball before they walked.
Bad pitching is why the hitters were having such a ball before they walked.
After a contentious trial before Steinberg this spring, a jury found in Simpson's favor and awarded him $3.7 million.
On the corner of the envelope, the librarian and teacher has written the name of school's most famous graduate: ``Carlson, Cody.'' Cody Carlson led the Churchill Chargers to two state semi-final appearances before his graduation in 1982 and now is the starting quarterback for the Houston Oilers.
Carlson played second fiddle to Moon for seven long years before getting his big chance.
Just to sense the effect, before I wore them to a party, I wore the mask and the Hawk to the train station to see my boyfriend off.
In addition, several chipped in for a 1984 book deal that prompted an ethics investigation that ended without charges and to pay for his controversial class at Georgia's Kennesaw State College that Gingrich beamed by satellite across the country in hopes of recruiting hundreds of thousands of new GOP activists before the 1996 election.
Other experts contend that many thrifts, laden with junk bond debts, were in serious financial trouble well before the act was passed.
She said that before her treatment began, her hands had hurt most of the time.
So complete was his mastery of the occasion that one wondered, as often before, why he has so seldom availed himself of the opportunity to hold prime-time news conferences.
Allowed the head coach to communicate via helmet radio with his quarterback before the snap.
``They're always trying various sounds and they used sampling and synthesizers before those effects became common on rock albums.
Only weeks before his death, he finished an update of his equally comprehensive ``Principles and Practice of Obstetric and Analgesic Anesthesia,'' first published in 1967.
``People are amazed at the enormity.'' Amazing is probably an understatement, considering that the angelic temple contains most of the show's scripts, 500 magazines covering the program, 3,000 publicity stills and more than 10,000 newspaper clippings -- and encompasses the before-and-after phases of the six actresses who passed through in five TV seasons.
The photo of Kate Jackson's guest appearance with Lorne Greene on TV's ``Bonanza.'' The hair nets, bonnets and electric stylers modeled by Fawcett and Shelley Hack long before the Angels soared to the screen.
In recent weeks the stock has soared, rising from $19 on July 18 to 2414 Thursday, a 52-week high, before closing at 2358.
Sandoz needs to finish its acquisition of Gerber before it can think about digesting something else.
But quick, before planting my foot into yet another crazy prediction, let's shift onto less clairvoyant matters: -- With the prime rate increasing from 6 percent to 7 3/4 (three slash four) percent in just five months, credit card holders can expect to pay, on average, an extra $30 a year in interest rate charges, according to Ram Research.
But quick, before planting my foot into yet another crazy prediction, let's shift onto less clairvoyant matters: -- With the prime rate increasing from 6 percent to 7 3/4 (three slash four) percent in just five months, credit card holders can expect to pay, on average, an extra $30 a year in interest rate charges, according to Ram Research.
In other words, Lancit could clear 18 cents on every royalty dollar as its share of the bottom line and up to another 17 cents on every royalty dollar before laying out money for marketing to potential licensees.
This doesn't alarm me as it would have before age showed me the delights of mossbackery.
However, preachers promoting their political agenda by discussing oral sex before vast unseen audiences stretch my tolerance for the good old-time hypocrisy.
``There was no Jewish and Arab strife before the Zionist state.
``When I get to the checkpoint before entering Gaza I always tell the Zionists I am the minister for Jewish affairs and have a meeting with the president,'' he said.
Meanwhile, engineers were attempting to pinpoint why a high-speed propellant pump with a record of reliable performance overheated, triggering the launch abort two seconds before Endeavour's planned liftoff.
The first cursory inspections were not scheduled until Saturday, and space agency spokesmen said it would be next week before the high-pressure oxidizer turbopump that overheated on Thursday can be removed from the engine and disassembled.
On one end of the line was this obviously sincere woman with a passionate concern that as many people as possible get saved before the Cosmic Deadline.
``He has such knowledge -- and he is humble, too.'' A short, intense woman, smartly dressed in a white ribbed pullover and a maroon skirt, Ms. Schwartz has announced she is on a diet -- a curious concern a few weeks before the end of the world.
``Maybe there will still be a miracle before the end,'' she said.
``In a new job, the first thing you do is find out where the restroom is,'' The San Francisco Examiner commented before the reversal.
Responding to those concerns, the Council decided that the transportation department would have to conduct a test of the single-toilet approach before awarding the franchise for 100 toilets.
 (BC-NY-PUBLIC-TOILET-2NDTAKE-ART-NYT) ``It was extremely frustrating to have the trial so positively received and three years before the follow-up,'' said Ms. Fife.
True, it all sounds like formula and cliche when you list the elements of ``Undue Influence.'' It's all been done before, of course.
Problems of tampered voter registration lists and PRI officials strong-arming voters have been reported even before the polls open, and allegations are surfacing that somehow the vote-counting computers will contrive yet another ruling party victory.
``I told my father before graduate school that I wanted to be a chief technical officer even though I wasn't quite sure what that was,'' Kerber recalled.
To counter misuse, most employers, including The Village Voice, require that couples prove that they have lived together a year before signing on.
Majority Leader George Mitchell, D-Maine, and Minority Leader Bob Dole, R-Kansas, said they want to look at the details before deciding whether it could build a bridge between their rival bills.
``Now I feel as good as I did before the injury.
The bipartisan conferees must agree to any changes made in that bill before going back to each chamber for final action.
Such witching-hour days, when options on stock indexes and individual stocks expire at the same time, usually lead to hectic sessions and many trading imbalances, as traders hurry to buy and sell stocks before their options expire.
``A far better barometer,'' he said, ``would be to ask how many fans attended games before the strike?
Skinner joined CompUSA in August 1991 and before that was a retail and distribution industry consultant for the accounting firm of Ernst & Young.
These days, sophisticated marketing experts study the tea leaves of youth trends and start subtle ad campaigns even before many kids know what's happening.
Observers have been told to be familiar with the locations of their assigned polling stations before the election and to plan alternative transportation ``in case your first option falls through.'' Reports from observers will come in Sunday from all over the country, becoming the basis for judging the election's cleanliness.
The United States promised to publish patent applications before they are granted, for instance, and Japan agreed to act on patent requests within three years instead of the current five.
``They say it can't be done before that,'' Fehr said, referring to the owners.
One member of management said the owners' group nevertheless will be at the table at least a week before Ravitch wanted anyone there.
The platforms have nothing to do with meeting those demands.'' There was a time not too long ago, political analysts say, when the only ``women's issue'' important to candidates was insuring that welfare programs handed out enough milk before election day to remind women that the governing party would provide for their families.
Wade Boggs, a five-time batting champion, was hitting .342 before the strike halted games last Friday, and has another year on his contract.
``It's tough to deal with,'' said Davis, before the Clippers opposed the Charlotte Knights on Friday night.
``I don't like to burn any bridges, but it's getting to the point where this is my future,'' said Davis, who was batting .276 with 23 homers and 65 RBIs before Friday night.
The principal aim of the move, conceded several administration officials, is to prevent a repeat of the 1980 Mariel boatlift in which the influx of an estimated 125,000 Cubans added to the political woes of President Carter -- the last Democratic chief executive before Clinton.
``Once before, (Castro) tried to export his troubles to this country, and we played his game.
``I've been watching these meetings since 1973,'' said Broaddus, who attended the gatherings as a senior Fed economist before he became president of the Richmond Fed last year.
``I don't see anything different now -- there were sharp disagreements under Burns, there were sharp disagreements under Miller and there were sharp disagreements under Volcker.'' Federal Reserve officials are prohibited from giving interviews a week before and after each panel meeting and were not available for comment Friday.
Many of those in the Mariel boatlift were also dark-skinned and it took years before they were assimilated into jobs, though most Cubans who had arrived earlier said it was their conditioning under communism, not prejudice, that slowed their progress.
``We started detainment enforcement shortly before the attorney general made the announcement,'' said Lemar Wooley, an Immigration and Naturalization spokesman explained.
``It's worse than being in prison in Cuba.'' Another who got in before the door slammed was Jose Ramon Ortega Garcia, 51, who said the desperation that propelled people like he and Ms. Delgado to take to the sea in rafts was so great that being resettled in a third country wasn't all that bad a prospect.
In between, he reached the Italian Open final, beating Goran Ivanisevic, currently No. 2, before falling to Pete Sampras.
Chinatown residents called him ``Uncle Seven.'' Hip Sing members called him ``adviser for life.'' Hundreds of associates, relatives and acquaintances from all over the country took turns on Wednesday and Thursday bowing before his open casket at the Wah Wing Sang funeral home on Mulberry Street.
Also there, no doubt, were lesser-known men who plan to bide their time before eventually grasping undisputed if untitled power, as in any old-fashioned society yet to embrace modern annoyances like elections.
Just as in Chinese legend, where the heavens weep at the passing of a notable earthling, rain began to fall just moments before Ong's bronze coffin was carried out on the shoulders of 10 men.
``I used to be afraid of him, too, before I knew him,'' Eng said.
True, it all sounds like formula and cliche when you list the elements of ``Undue Influence.'' It's all been done before, of course.
Last year, the bank earned $3.8 billion before taxes -- more than any other bank in the world, on assets of $305 billion.
Operating profits before special provisions are running about 4 percent behind last year because of higher expenses and losses in bond trading and foreign exchange.
John Gray, who runs the bank in Hong Kong, can vividly recall the dreary January day in 1956 when, at 22, he boarded a steamer in England for the month-long trip east, with ports of call including Bombay, Penang and Singapore, before reaching Hong Kong.
For the young man, it was a rite of passage that his father underwent before him, and a great uncle before that.
Like those before and after him, he wore wool suits in Hong Kong's sweltering summers, charged through jungles in Malaysia with carloads of cash, ate curries in Bombay, and reveled in the opportunity to play financial swashbuckler.
``It smelled so horribly of gas for two days before the explosion.
The incident that was said to have sealed Jordan's fate at KCBS came in July when field reporter Harvey Levin unearthed an ``exclusive'' story that included videotape supposedly placing prosecuting attorney Marcia Clark on Simpson's estate some 17 minutes before a warrant had been signed.
13, six days before jury selection in Simpson's trial on charges of first-degree murder was scheduled to commence.
He has made it clear his opinion is that the policyholders should be put first, before the shareholders.'' Wall Street seems to think that 20th Century's condition is not terminal -- merely critical.
Mitchell of Maine, the majority leader who has broader national health legislation pending before the Senate, welcomed the proposals in the measure.
``This is a U.S. problem more than it is ours.'' Castro has adopted this strategy before, notably in the 1980 Mariel crisis, which began with eruptions of domestic discontent in Cuba.
``Other banks use arbitration, but they rewrote their contracts and got their customers to sign before implementing the change.'' Mellon ruled that the bank had a right to change its contract, and had communicated the changes effectively.
WHITEWATER PROBE TURNS TO LATER FINANCING OF CLINTON'S POLITICAL CAREER WASHINGTON  (BC-WHITEWATER-EXCLUSIVE-2TAKES-NYT) In the weeks before he was replaced as the independent counsel investigating the Whitewater case, Robert B.
According to the lawyers and witnesses familiar with the case, Fiske, before being succeeded two weeks ago by Kenneth W.
The Perry County Bank made two sets of loans, according to campaign records: a loan of $80,000 just before the May primary, and two loans of $50,000 each just before the November election.
But it did say that ``cash withdrawals and expenditures were made with respect to these activities'' because of ``the small dollar amount of each individual expenditure.'' Another large cash withdrawal was made in the days before the 1990 general election, again about the time a loan was completed.
Two of Clinton's financial backers say he called them on the weekend before the November election and pressed them to solicit contributions that would retire the debt.
Some analysts were heartened by the company's second-quarter performance, when sales were up 3.3 percent, to $401 million, and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization -- a measure of cash flow used by analysts to gauge a distressed company's ability to finance its debt -- increased more than 11 percent.
Another part of the store features more than two dozen computers that allow customers to test software before they buy it.
But as debate continued on the Senate floor, Republican senators, including Dole, continued to insist that lawmakers be allowed to go home and talk to the voters before making any decisions.
About half of those eligible are expected to vote with paper ballots that will be manually counted at the polls in front of representatives of the various parties before being transmitted to Mexico City.
