Fawell, R-Ill., said on the floor Tuesday,, ``The genesis of that is not so hot.'' Then, too, they complain that the project was never authorized by Congress as part of Amtrak's budget, as all federal money is supposed to be before it is actually appropriated in individual spending bills.
And what about Hull, who broke in with Calgary in 1986 and played at a mediocre level before being traded to the Blues in 1988?
Yet he told an interviewer that he preferred to write the music before the lyrics, as he had done in ``Gypsy,'' his collaboration with Sondheim.
His work with Miss Comden and Green began with ``Two on the Aisle'' (1951), a revue starring Bert Lahr and Dolores Gray, and included last-minute songs added to ``Peter Pan'' (among them, ``Never Never Land'') before its 1954 opening with Miss Martin.
Yet he told an interviewer that he preferred to write the music before the lyrics, as he had done in ``Gypsy,'' his collaboration with Sondheim.
``And it separates them from China, with which they don't want to be compared.'' White House officials said Clinton planned to announce the decision before meeting with Yeltsin at the United Nations on Monday.
To whet appetites, AT&T and McCaw executives described an initial sampling of new services: message systems that beep people when calls come in, no matter where they are; two-way paging systems and ``personal phone numbers.'' ``We are creating a company that can take wireless technology to places it has never been before,'' AT&T chairman Robert E.
The president, Dr. Bruce Siegel, who oversees the city's 11 public hospitals and several dozen clinics, said the cuts would be made before the end of the fiscal year next June and would be scattered throughout the system.
Their 80,000 fans come early and party hard in tailgate festivities before each game.
The gap grew sharply in the 1960s and 1970s before leveling off during much of the next decade.
The gap between New York and other states widened to 41.1 percent by 1980, then narrowed slightly before peaking again at 41.6 percent above the national average in 1986 and 1987.
It dropped as low as 34.6 percent in 1991 before rising again to 36.9 percent above the national average in 1992.
In the meeting with legislative leaders Tuesday, Clinton did not include health care on the items he wanted to see passed before lawmakers left town.
The interview was cut short before Carter could discuss how he felt about those developments.
``I'm not kicking up my heels.'' Crews citywide now collect an average of 8.5 tons of trash a shift, below the high of 9.8 tons in the early 1980s, before recycling eased the workload.
``She had to get into that garage before 9 to get the early-bird special.
They foresee a long, stable middle age and a lively old age before the sun fades.
They foresee a long, stable middle age and a lively old age before the sun fades.
They foresee a long, stable middle age and a lively old age before the sun fades.
When Maher debated the change before the board, he held up 700 letters from people angry over the city's parking policies.
Kocur, 29, has played three full seasons with the Rangers and part of one before that.
BILL TO DEREGULATE BABY BELLS ON HOLD  (BC-TELECOM-SENATE-475&ADD-SFCHRON) Administration officials warned Tuesday that if Congress fails to pass the bill before adjourning October 7, the window will close on a long-sought rewrite of the archaic rules governing an industry that already has crossed the threshold of a technological revolution.
Publicly, planners said they wanted to complete all the work before showcasing it.
HARBOR DREDGE SPILLS OIL INTO EAST RIVER NEW YORK  (BC-NY-OIL-SPILL-NYT) A harbor dredge spilled about 7,300 gallons of diesel oil into the East River before dawn Tuesday, leaving a slick from Red Hook in Brooklyn to the Whitestone Bridge.
N.Y. FARM PROFITS ARE DOWN 24% IN A YEAR ALBANY, N.Y.  (BC-NY-FARM-PROFITS-NYT) Farm profits in New York state dropped 24 percent in 1993 compared with the year before, the state Agricultural Statistics Service reported.
The New Jersey Agricultural Statistics Service in Trenton reported that farm profits for 1993 were $244 million, up 10 percent from $222 million the year before, mainly because of increased vegetable production and sales.
In Connecticut, farm profits last year were about the same as the year before, $216.1 million in 1993 compared with $216.8 million the year before, according to the National Agricultural Statistics Service.
Because it often takes a minute or more to thoroughly frisk one student with the hand-held wands, long lines often form in the minutes before school begins and many students complain that the search process makes them late for class.
The yards came hard last Saturday when New Haven edged Indiana, Pa., 18-16, before a record crowd of 4,147 here at Dodds Stadium.
	The shift, which Nabisco Foods announced on Monday, is the first account loss for Ammirati & Puris/Lintas since the agency was formed in July by the merger of Ammirati & Puris with Lintas New York, which lost several large accounts like Diet Coke before the merger.
He opened his own Beverly Hills firm in 1986, just before federal prosecutors claim he began helping unnamed co-conspirators defraud a series of banks, in part through the use of five ``sham'' companies created for that purpose.
It was a time when a young white man could look at his mother's chair and write a song about an old black woman confined to her own rocker, cane by her side, ordering a young boy to fetch her some gin before she tans his hide.
Enter Gardenhire, who was a successful minor-league manager in Minnesota's organization for three seasons before being appointed to Twins Manager Tom Kelly's staff in 1990.
Gardenhire, who also interviewed before the 1993 season for managing vacancies in San Francisco and Colorado, said being a manager is his ultimate ambition.
But like Zeze, a vibrant young woman who has never been outside Brazil before, all carried on.
A group of Rwandan women living in France danced before the altar, and African choirs from France took part in the service, which was transformed into an African liturgy.
Audiences here seem stunned for a moment at the end before rising to applaud the dancers.
I'm not so sorry to leave the administration, but life is like that and you move on.'' Chung, who will conduct nine more performances of ``Simon Boccanegra'' before leaving in mid-October, said he had other engagements to look forward to, although he provided no details.
A statement issued here in Aristide's name before his meeting with Lake did not even mention the agreement for transfer of power brokered by representatives of President Clinton with the military-led Haitian government.
The interview was cut short before Carter could discuss how he felt about those developments.
The interview was cut short before Carter could discuss how he felt about those developments.
More than a month ago Tagliabue met with Casillas before he declared him free to sign with another team.
Wathan, 44, managed the Royals for 557 games before he was fired in May 1991.
But those plans were changed only hours before the troops began to land, senior officials said.
Sheehan, director of operations at the Pentagon, said in an interview today that the military's mission, and the rules governing the use of force in carrying out the mission, were changed in the middle of the night just before the occupation began on Monday, after commanders reviewed the agreement negotiated by the delegation to Haiti led by Carter.
Hill, who is accused of killing an abortion doctor and his clinic escort, won a split decision from a county court jury on two misdemeanor charges resulting from protests he was involved in before the July 29 shooting at the Pensacola Ladies Center.
They released him before camp started.
In a plea agreement brokered before jury selection began Tuesday in Van Nuys Superior Court, British-born David Joseph Goodman will receive 12 years in prison for the June 20, 1991, slaying of Beth Sue Hollander of Canoga Park.
Coen, who asked defense attorney Kenneth Lezin and Deputy District Attorney Sidney Trapp minutes before the trial was scheduled to begin if any possibility of a settlement existed.
But pointing to a probation report's finding that Goodman knew Hollander was on a date with another man the night before her body was found, Coen said that a jury could have found that the killing was a crime of passion and could have voted for voluntary manslaughter.
I don't take tennis as seriously as before.'' But what about when she starts playing for money?
There is a long list of young women who have gone before, only to wilt in the hot spotlight of pro tennis.
The plan the week before, when the Lions lost to Minnesota, 10-3, was a 12-play, 16-yard blueprint for Sanders.
It took 19 more seconds, and some apparent confusion among Cowboys offensive players, before the next play started at 24 seconds.
``That happens,'' said Smith, before remembering that more than a shrug of the shoulders is expected of this team.
True to form, his team trailed at halftime at the Super Bowl before, one final time, the proper buttons were found to push.
He chose to play professionally in the Canadian Football League and led Edmonton to three consecutive titles before getting a shot in the NFL.
A: Because of the doctrine of separation of church and state, a person does not need to get permission from the Internal Revenue Service before filing for tax-exempt status as a church, an IRS spokesman said.
The Horned Frogs have started with a flash this season, losing 27-17 to North Carolina, now ranked 13th by the Associated Press, before dropping New Mexico 44-29 and upsetting No. 23 Kansas 31-21 on Saturday in Fort Worth.
That, however, was before A&M limited the Sooners to just 98 rushing yards on 34 attempts in a 36-14 victory.
There are some absolutes to consider before starting out.
While 65 percent said they wore the appropriate protective gear -- helmets, knee pads or elbow pads, only 37 percent said they warmed up by stretching before skating.
``We do believe in a lot of stretching'' before in-line skating, Cooper said.
``You should do the same stretches as you would before jogging or doing any type of activities using your lower extremities.'' He said the lower extremities are the parts of the body from the waist down.
A tumor can grow for a long time before it causes discomfort or pain.
It was thought to be a baseball rule of thumb that a brotherhood of founding fathers such as this could be expected to stay together for, oh, 300 games before turning on each other.
But the experience of Haiti since Baby Doc Duvalier fled in 1986 is that the army will cede power only as a tactical maneuver before seizing it back.
Old Central American hands believe it will not be long before the U.S. embassy is back to its old tricks: attempting to curb a radical leader by using the threat of the military against him.
But the experience of Haiti since Baby Doc Duvalier fled in 1986 is that the army will cede power only as a tactical maneuver before seizing it back.
Old Central American hands believe it will not be long before the U.S. embassy is back to its old tricks: attempting to curb a radical leader by using the threat of the military against him.
But the experience of Haiti since Baby Doc Duvalier fled in 1986 is that the army will cede power only as a tactical maneuver before seizing it back.
Old Central American hands believe it will not be long before the U.S. embassy is back to its old tricks: attempting to curb a radical leader by using the threat of the military against him.
``Always before a premiere, if the costumes were finished they would have to be ripped apart and remade.
The daughter of a dance teacher in Westchester, Miss Dudley had been warned by her mother and the modern dance pioneer Ruth St. Denis against becoming involved with Graham, whose work, St. Denis said, was ``not beautiful.'' But it was not long before Miss Dudley joined the Group.
She had a question -- many, many questions -- about going into marriage, and the dance came out of the turmoil.'' ``Primitive Mysteries'' was more abstract, and Graham at first ignored Yuriko at the single rehearsal she came to, two days before Yuriko was to dance the role of the Virgin Mary for the first time.
The 1920s saw a last stand between censors and innovators -- not only Shaw, Ibsen and O'Neill but Mae West, who spent 10 days in jail as the author of ``Sex'' one year before ``Show Boat'' opened.
Safety experts advise putting on safety goggles before reaching for any tool.
I must have read it before and not taken it in and learned from it.
There's a secret exit behind a facade of bookshelves and enough inner foyers and corridors to make it highly possible that guests in for an overnight stay might check out before mastering the layout.
He can't eat real meat.'' I also hate going there because I've always felt it was the last stop before a complete rice-cake diet.
Bake just before serving.
Anyway, last year I read in yet another magazine that Fort Worth's Nancy Lee Bass taught socialite Susan Gotfreund the preferred uses of ``house'' and ``home'' back when Susan enjoyed a brief sojourn in Fort Worth on the way to bigger and better things in New York and Paris and before she was Susan Gotfreund.
Home is where the heart is, I like to think Nancy Bass told Susan Gotfreund before she was Susan Gotfreund.
What else must this outlaw regime do before the United States gets angry enough to formulate a firm policy that goes beyond hot air?
Then aluminum foil was used to keep a potato warm, and finally foil was used to wrap the potato before it went into the oven.
Cut 2 short gashes, one crosswise and one lengthwise, and squeeze potato with both hands before adding butter or margarine and salt.
	``We have not seen anything on this scale before and doubt that the Bosnian Serbs could organize like this number of helicopter flights without the active involvement of the Yugoslav army,'' said the official, who has seen the reports from the United Nations military observers.
	Furhman, Simpson's lawyers said, had been at the defendant's house at least once before after beimg called to investigate a domestic squabble between Simpson and his former wife; also that Furhman had a documented history of animosity towards blacks.
Even though Yossarian now works for Milo Minderbinder, he still wants to write a novel about Thomas Mann, and wherever he goes he keeps seeing the red-haired man who appeared to Gustav Aschenbach before that writer went to Venice and died.
But Republicans have promised that before Congress adjourns the middle of next month they will press for a measure setting a firm date for withdrawal of troops.
The survey says eight of 10 CEOs would wait until they had less than 12 months of cash before financing at undesirable valuations.
She testified about AIDS before Congress and in 1992 she was recognized by the surgeon general and the Department of Health and Human Services for her work.
The companies involved are in a race for the sky to get their own constellations of communications satellites in place before a competitor can claim valuable radio frequencies.
She wanted horse-riding boots long before they were popular.'' She was an entrepreneur by the age of 10.
``At the end of the day, she would say, `I have $35,' '' But with six brothers and sisters in the family, she would invariably give the money away before the night was over, her mother said.
The final hurdle will be getting the bill past the Senate floor and through a conference committee, all before an expected mid-October adjournment.
As a reason, he gave the short time before adjournment.
Ernest Hollings, a Democrat and the committee chairman, required the Bells to face ``actual and demonstrable'' competition in local service before they could offer long distance.
The investors insisted that before anything more was done, a Chinese mystic had to be flown from Taiwan to determine if the building's qi, or life force, was acceptable.
A few days later, however, he anxiously watched as a practitioner of the ancient Chinese craft of feng shui paced the site for 30 minutes before giving his approval.
``We've never installed a fountain in an ATM vestibule before,'' Tarella said.
In Port-au-Prince, Haitian soldiers -- unlike the day before -- stopped their attempts at preventing civilians from drawing close to American military positions.
``We are trying to rescue what is here before the builders come in.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
``We're just trying to minimize the damage,'' he said, gazing across a field that even before his arrival was scarred with deep holes left by scavengers who just grabbed whatever they thought might be marketable.
Carter told Congressional leaders their departure was ``likely.'' Later, we learned it was only ``power'' the dictator would leave -- as he promised before -- but not Haiti.
Audeh was arrested at least once before more than a year ago, along with another powerful, charismatic militant, Safar al-Hawali, and 60 of their adherents.
In 1979 some 300 extremist Muslim militants took over the holy mosque of Mecca for more than two weeks before being evicted by force.
In Port-au-Prince, Haitian soldiers -- unlike the day before -- stopped their attempts at preventing civilians from drawing close to American military positions.
``We're not sure how this is going to affect us,'' defenseman Kevin Lowe said Wednesday before the Rangers played the Los Angeles Kings at the Forum.
``We have not seen anything on this scale before and doubt that the Bosnian Serbs could organize this number of helicopter flights without the active involvement of the Yugoslav army,'' the U.N. official, who has seen the military reports, said.
Milosevic financed and supported the Bosnian Serbs before deciding to impose an embargo on them six weeks ago because of their refusal to accept the peace plan, which he described as reasonable.
The prosecutors said the case would remain open and charges could be filed if that victim changed his mind at any time before the statute of limitations expired in about five years.
For Michael it is over and he can now get on with his life.'' When the allegations became public, Jackson cut short an international concert tour shortly before Christmas and disappeared from public view for a time.
I always think matchmaking is my real job.'' Ms. Monk said she was a little worried about imposing her vision on the place, ``getting in the way of the space.'' ``I'm trying to stay out of the way of their beauty and poignancy,'' she said of the ruins, while still trying ``to make them come alive so people will see them that way.'' She has created dream landscapes before, but most often inside theaters.
I don't think it will act before November.
Officials with both the New York City Police Department and the Transit Police said shortly after the shooting that they thought Robinson had been shot once and perhaps twice in the front before he was shot in the back.
It was, Ms. Wade said, as if the brief and troubled life of her 13-year-old son had been erased before she could begin to absorb the news of his death.
Gregory ran away from the home frequently in the past month, just as he had run away from a Catholic home in Hawthorne, N.Y., before that, and from his mother's and grandmother's homes time after time in the previous few years.
But, judging by the melee of flying metal chairs and thrown fists before the party's vote, Perez still enjoys a following.
I don't think this is how it's supposed to be.'' It was quieter at the docks in another American-occupied section of Port-au-Prince on Wednesday, after the military government formally banned gatherings like the bloody demonstrations the day before.
One police officer said he did it to show the Haitians and soldiers ``who is the boss.'' The day before, the beatings left two men dead.
Croll said Wednesday that he was still getting heat for that decision, still getting telephone calls and letters and reading columns sniping at him for removing Holy Bull from the stage before the final act: the $3 million Breeders' Cup Classic on Nov.
But after signing the Governors Island agreement in July 1993, the Cedras camp managed to mislead the United States and its allies for three months and then defy them for nearly a year before reaching the accord with the Carter delegation.
Interestingly, a 1993 study of the Garden's structure by Booz Allen Hamilton, done before Viacom bought the Garden's former owner, Paramount Communications, recommended creating the sports group but eliminating the Garden presidency.
``We're going to get him in a couple of games.'' The team's roster is likely to be set by next Tuesday -- four days before the season opener and the day after the Islanders' final exhibition.
``But then, the course ended before the scandals erupted.'' 
``The stock tends to peak a year or two before its earnings peak,' said Wendy Abramowitz, an analyst at Argus Research.
Washington has no choice but to assert some of the power it has deployed on the ground, allowing U.S. troops to intervene directly when egregious brutality occurs right before their eyes.
On the grounds of the Pentagon, the Haitian president was treated to full military honors, including a rare 21-gun salute, before being led inside the building by Defense Secretary William Perry and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman John Shalikashvili for a briefing on the situation in Haiti.
In no other college sport does the playoff process begin so soon, in this case before the leaves in Ann Arbor turned yellow and before Wheatley turned a corner.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) But before the decisions of Wheatley and Stokes can be debated, Gary Moeller, the Michigan coach, asks a question: ``How much would your grandfather, or my grandfather, or any older people that went to college, after they had millions of dollars, sell their last two years of college for?'' The cynical response is that the head coach of an elite-level program is hardly an appropriate spokesman for the value of a big-time player's educational future.
The Superfund proposal before Congress calls for insurers to pay taxes totaling $8.1 billion during 10 years into a special fund to pay for cleaning up about 2,000 badly polluted sites.
The Superfund proposal, passed by the House Ways and Means Committee in August, is now before the Senate Finance Committee.
Levin of Standard & Poor's noted that insurers were loath to set aside reserves for losses in cases that were still before the courts, because those reserves could be construed by opponents as admissions of liability.
On Wednesday, despite the prospects for passage of a Superfund bill, Aetna shares closed at $45.375 on the New York Stock Exchange, well below the $57 at which they traded before the company's announcement.
They're the same thugs we were sent here to take out.'' Trying to explain the situation at a briefing this morning before his meeting with Cedras, Shelton said he had been instructed by his superiors in Washington that ``it is not our policy to intervene in law-and-order matters per se; that is a Haitian matter.
Many traders say the Federal Reserve will raise short-term interest rates as soon as Tuesday, when the Fed's policy-making committee meets, battering both stocks and bonds just three days before the end of a problematic third quarter.
The forecast by Angell, now an economist at Bear, Stearns & Co., hit the news services about 10 minutes before the New York Stock Exchange opened at 9:30 a.m. Bond traders, already nervous from Friday's sour bond market, immediately bid down fixed-income prices.
``But today is better than yesterday, and yesterday was better than the day before.
The RAIL organization needs to fulfill a few more requirements before being granted exhibition status.
To take on a new challenge and push myself in a way I haven't before.
As it turned out, Cisneros was not asked about the payments at his confirmation hearing, before the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs.
But Cisneros said in the interview that those payments had been part of a final agreement reached with Ms. Medlar before he entered the government, and he did not consider them 1993 assistance.
And, just for good measure, he ended with another ``Thank you.'' Perhaps, to understand Aristide's pride and silence and ambivalence, it is necessary to consider what he said before his election to Amy Wilentz, who quoted him in her book on Haiti, ``The Rainy Season.'' ``I don't know what Haiti may become in the future -- I know what I'd like it to become, what many would like it to become -- but one thing Haitians have made clear, good and bad alike, is that we do not bow to the will of other nations.
Asked just ``what we want,'' Hardage paused several moments before replying, ``To be able to control our lives, control our kids, low medical costs for people like us to be able to get by on eight or nine hundred dollars a month, be able to afford groceries and gas.'' Of course, many similar sentiments were expressed by Bill Clinton two years ago, but Hardage, like many voters, said he hated Clinton and would never consider voting for him.
The defense used the second day of pretrial hearings before Judge Ito to attack the police statements that were used to obtain search warrants for the Simpson property and to try to convince the judge that evidence obtained in several of the searches should not be admissible at the trial, which is scheduled to begin March 26.
Fuhrman, Simpson's lawyers added, had been at the defendant's house at least once before, several years ago when he was called to investigate a domestic squabble between Simpson and his former wife and that four years after that incident he had written a letter ``to whom it may concern,'' explaining that the event ``was indelibly pressed in his memory.'' Uelman also reiterated an earlier claim that they had information from a worker's compensation petition filed by Fuhrman that suggested he tried to fake a psychological disability.
RAILBIRDS: SEARCHING FOR THE RIGHT HORSE  (BC-RAC-RAILBIRDS-860&ADD-SF CHRON) Leaning on the rail outside the walking ring at Bay Meadows, Willie is watching the horses circle before a race.
Willie says he won $3,200 at the track just three days before.
Davis had been the other player on the bubble before yesterday's announcement.
``We'll definitely keep trying to win games before the season starts.'' Said goalie Arturs Irbe, ``We've lost three very tight games.
``They caught it (the cancer) before it got to my lungs,'' Scott said.
``And I'd prefer to do it at the Prefontaine Meet (in Oregon) before the (1996 U.S. Olympic) Trials.'' That's nearly two years from now, but Scott can use every minute of it.
Although Messier wanted to negotiate throughout the summer, the Rangers made no contract proposal until hours before the opening of camp.
But, before they could come to an agreement, Gutkowski's forced resignation put everything on hold.
He's back to work.'' Shell said he would have to see how Davis does in practices this week before deciding if he would be activated Sunday against the San Diego Chargers at the Coliseum.
Charlie Blaney, the Dodgers' director of minor-league operations, said Wednesday that a decision will come before Sunday's deadline.
Bringing an end to a lengthy investigation that captured worldwide attention, Garcetti said Wednesday that charges against Jackson could be filed later if the boy changes his mind about testifying before the six-year statute of limitations expires for the crime.
Approximately 400 witnesses were interviewed and 30 witnesses were called before grand juries in both counties.
In outlining how he felt the detectives had misled the magistrate who issued the search warrant, Ito said the detectives had taken the following actions: --Insinuating that Simpson had fled the crime scene and took a flight to Chicago when in fact the detectives were told that the trip was booked at least two months before.
Fuhrman, Simpson's lawyers added, had been at the defendant's house at least once before, several years ago when he was called to investigate a domestic squabble between Simpson and his former wife and that four years afterward incident he had written a letter addressed ``to whom it may concern,'' explaining that the event ``was indelibly pressed in his memory.'' Uelman also reiterated an earlier assertion that they had information from a worker's compensation petition filed by Fuhrman that suggested he tried to manipulate a psychological examination.
``I've certainly played better, I expect to play better, and I know that I will play better.'' On the other hand, it's not like this Cowboys team has never lost before that overtime thriller with the Lions.
Johnson said he was ``shocked'' to learn Switzer did not attend the team's meeting the day before the Sept.
CLIPPERS SWEETEN DEAL FOR TRAINER LOS ANGELES  (BC-BKN-CLIPPERS-TRAINER-LADN) It will be another four years or so before Clippers trainer Keith Jones, valued by the organization as much as any of its players, is pursued by other teams.
Texas' visit to Amon Carter on Saturday marks its last Cowtown appearance as a Southwest Conference fraternity brother in a series that dates to 1897 -- before common man flew in an airplane, drove an automobile or flicked a switch to illuminate his world.
Butch Worley, associate athletic director/administration at Texas, acknowledged there had been some talk but said the series could not resume before the year 2000.
``I'm really saddened by the thought that (the two schools) won't be a part of the Southwest Conference anymore,'' said Mike Flynn, the starting center in 1984 when the teams battled in a cold drizzle before a national television audience and a sold-out Amon Carter Stadium.
A lot of us from that team get together every year or so, and we always talk about that scrimmage on Tuesday before the Texas game as being the toughest game we played that year.'' At halftime, it looked as though the Frogs had left their game on the practice field.
I'm thinking right now (TCU) may have a chance to win one again before it's over.'' Before Enis becomes a great-grandfather.
But Alou kept the job by going 70-55 and challenging the Pittsburgh Pirates for the National League West title before finishing second.
All we need is a celebrity death.'' On the ninth floor of the courthouse -- and on television stations across the dial -- O.J. Simpson and his defense team were in court attacking evidence in a key hearing before his case goes to trial next week.
KINGS GET SHUT OUT IN HRUDEY'S FIRST APPEARANCE OF EXHIBITION SEASON  (BC-HKN-KINGS-RANGERS-LADN) Making his first appearance of the exhibition season, the 33-year-old Los Angeles Kings goaltender made 33 saves and pitched a 1-0 shutout over the New York Rangers before an announced crowd of 11,436 at the Forum.
2, three days before camp opened.
KINGS GET SHUT OUT IN HRUDEY'S FIRST APPEARANCE OF EXHIBITION SEASON  (BC-HKN-KINGS-RANGERS-LADN) Making his first appearance of the exhibition season, the 33-year-old Los Angeles Kings goaltender made 33 saves and pitched a 1-0 shutout over the New York Rangers before an announced crowd of 11,436 at the Forum.
2, three days before camp opened.
Making his first appearance of the exhibition season, the 33-year-old Kings goaltender made 33 saves and pitched a 1-0 shutout over the New York Rangers before an announced crowd of 11,436 at the Forum.
2, three days before camp opened.
``You know that story you always hear about Cool Papa Bell being so fast he could turn off a light and get into bed before it got dark?
I can cut off that light and get under the covers before it gets dark.' Satchel says, `You got to be kidding.' And Cool says, `Betcha your meal money.' So Cool hit the switch, hopped into bed and beat the light.'' You mean to tell us that Satchel Paige, master of the hesitation pitch, was fooled by a hesitation switch?
With just a week before Viacom and Blockbuster shareholders vote separately on the merger, Viacom's announcement about the employment contracts could help the merger succeed.
Johnson, who guided Dallas to back-to-back Super Bowls, needled his successor with some pointed comments in Wednesday's edition of ``USA Today.'' Johnson, now a Fox TV analyst, criticized Switzer for attending his son's football game the night before the Cowboys played Houston.
The rookie NFL coach said there isn't much he can do to help the Cowboys the night before a game.
Then the Aggies are given a couple of weeks off for final exams before reassembling to open practice for a bowl game.
It's heartwarming to know that even people in high places act just like us, gushing over tacky gifts before waving goodbye, slamming the door, collapsing in laughter and stashing the offensive item in a closet.
Alejandro, released to his parents' custody when the discrepancy became known in July, now has only one remaining legal step before he is free in the case.
I understand that other stores sell clothes that no stranger has ever worn before.
The day before the nuptials, Frank expresses his secret love to Sarah.
ROBBINS, FREEMAN GIVE HEART TO ILLUMINATING `REDEMPTION' LOS ANGELES  (BC-SHAWSHANK-REVIEW-LADN) In the opening scenes of ``The Shawshank Redemption,'' Andy Dufresne -- a patrician Maine banker played by Tim Robbins -- anesthetizes himself with booze before staggering out of his car with a revolver in hand.
Grammer and the partially communicative boy need to establish a rapport so he can identify the killers (via drawings) before they blow the kid away and thereby eliminate the evidence.
Without a single riot scene or horrific effect, it tells a slow, gentle story of camaraderie and growth, with an ending that abruptly finds poetic justice in what has come before.
(Darabont is also terrible on period detail: He has a Louis L'Amour section in his prison library several years before L'Amour wrote his first novel.
Rip Torn has played this basic character before (in his Oscar-nominated ``Cross Creek'' and as Walt Whitman in ``Beautiful Dreamers'') but he keeps refining it with inspired details.
With only eight days to go before a threatened lockout of players by NHL club owners, it doesn't look especially promising for a happy, snappy resumption of a game we came to appreciate, maybe even love, just last spring.
But Bettman has demanded that something be signed before the season's first puck is dropped Oct.
Expansion, and the move of the North Stars to Dallas, gave the NHL a national scope it had never before enjoyed.
But I have faith that hockey owners and players understand that they can't file for divorce before the honeymoon is over.
It's estimated there are about 9 million now compared to 700,000 before the Cultural Revolution began a generation ago.
It's estimated there are about 9 million now compared to 700,000 before the Cultural Revolution began a generation ago.
(home of the University of Michigan and Bob Seger), Kirchen began listening to blues and string band music, primarily bluesmen Mance Lipscomb and Mississippi John Hurt, before joining up with Commander Cody in 1969.
She was a radio and movie star in her native England more than a decade before ``Downtown'' took her career uptown on American pop music charts.
``My uncle was in North Africa, and I was waiting to send him a little message over the radio.'' Shortly before the broadcast started, German bombers appeared over London and the air raid sirens began their dreaded wail.
I've seen these shows before, and the wrestled-with alligators never seem to have much enthusiasm for the sport.
Lee for 30 years before it was designated as a military burial ground in June 1864, as told in ``Arlington National Cemetery'' by James Peters.
No empire before or since has matched theirs in territory, not Alexander's, Napoleon's or Hitler's.
In excavations at 12th-century sites in Inner Mongolia, these high-quality wares from China appeared to be abundant two centuries before the time generally cited.
He unified the many tribes that year and was given the title of Genghis Khan, ``emperor of all emperors.'' What he did not conquer before his death in 1227, his heirs did.
It seems especially funny because I watched it right after I previewed the season premiere of NBC's ``Empty Nest,'' which airs just before it (7 p.m.).
	His latest at the Gate Theater in Dublin, ``Molly Sweeney,'' about a blind massage therapist who briefly recovers her sight, got a glowing review from David Richards of The New York Times just before ``Philadelphia'' opened.
``It would be right on the heels of `Translations.' I have this theory that regular theatergoers will go to any number of musicals you put before them in a season, but only go to 	There are several offers for ``Molly,'' he said Thursday, but none will be accepted until the London run begins next month.
``I might have been the only one who got to read everybody else's work before I wrote mine.
The songs she wrote before Cobain's death have taken on more meanings than she knew.
It seems especially funny because I watched it right after I previewed the season premiere of NBC's ``Empty Nest,'' which airs just before it (7 p.m.).
Warren Moon, the former Oilers great and current Minnesota Vikings starter, had to play his first six professional seasons in Canada before making it to the NFL.
The New York layoffs are about a third greater than Grumman had announced before it was taken over by Northrop.
But coming two days before Mr. Yeltsin plans to leave for the United States, where he will discuss nuclear safety and security among other issues, the timing could not have been less fortunate.
(NSDQ:PRES), a Chicago-based apartment REIT that had been part of the same property portfolio as Prime Retail before either had their IPOs. With the REIT market overflowing with apartments -- and two highly regarded apartment REITs coming out at the same time as Prime Residential -- it was not given much of a chance.
Kurland of Chicago -- who urged the president last month to ``respect the important constitutional principles of meaningful consultation and prior Congressional approval before engaging in warmaking.'' Well put, perhaps, but not as eloquent as Jefferson's phrasing, who incorporated Shakespeare's language in ``Julius Caesar'': ``Cry `Havoc!' and let slip the dogs of war.'' Jefferson, who would unleash one of the nation's first military adventures when he ordered American warships to the Mediterranean in 1801, exulted in a letter to James Madison in 1789, ``We have already given one practical check to the dog of war by transferring the power of letting him loose from the executive to the legislative body.'' Well, maybe not.
``They have seen plenty of Davis Cup finals before in Sweden,'' Bjorkman said.
Brooks noted that in any case, Congress would return next year in time to vote on repeal before the 1995 season is scheduled to begin.
Testifying before the House panel Thursday, Acting Baseball Commissioner Bud Selig argued that baseball has a ``special covenant'' with fans and a financial need that justify the exemption.
Brooks noted that in any case, Congress would return next year in time to vote on repeal before the 1995 season is scheduled to begin.
Testifying before the House panel Thursday, Acting Baseball Commissioner Bud Selig argued that baseball has a ``special covenant'' with fans and a financial need that justify the exemption.
``We had a downsizing regular force and an unprecedented participation by reservists in the various contingencies and we ran out of money before we ran out of fiscal year,'' Quimby said.
``But before we can transfer those funds, federal law makes us stop spending the money remaining in the threatened budget and that's what occurred here,'' Quimby said.
Before Grumman was acquired by Northrop, it had already cut its work force here by nearly 70 percent to 7,300, down from more than 23,000 in 1987, its peak before the end of the Cold War.
At a press conference before his departure, Freeh told reporters that one FBI agent had, in fact, been working in the capital of the former Soviet Union.
Any agent in this group is referred to derisively as an FOL, short for ``Friend of Louie.'' In conversations in halls and offices at FBI headquarters, FOL is pronounced ``fool.'' One agent, who asked not to be identified, said: ``There are old `fools,' new `fools' and wannabe `fools.' The point is there are many agents out there who are as good or better, whose only misfortune is they didn't work with Freeh before he became director.'' Freeh insisted that all promotions have been approved by the bureau's career board, and that none of them were ``gerryrigged.'' He added: ``The bureau has an astoundingly powerful rumor capacity.
He shut out the Los Angeles Kings for the first period and a half of Wednesday night's game at the Forum before being replaced by Richter, who gave up the lone goal in a game the Rangers lost 1-0.
Stanley signed a two-year, $837,500 deal with an option year before the 1993 season, the first multiyear contract of his career, Then he batted .305 with 26 homers, becoming one of only 10 catchers to exceed .300 and 25 homers in the same season, and becoming the first Yankee to do it since Yogi Berra in 1950.
``It wasn't bad,'' Terreri said after the light workout before the rest of the team took the ice, ``but it wasn't great, either.
It's just taking too much time.'' Despite the intensive therapy on his shoulder, it is unlikely that Terreri will see any action before the regular season, which is scheduled to start Oct.
``We had a downsizing regular force and an unprecedented participation by reservists in the various contingencies and we ran out of money before we ran out of fiscal year,'' Quimby said.
``But before we can transfer those funds, federal law makes us stop spending the money remaining in the threatened budget and that's what occurred here,'' Quimby said.
Even before connecting with his old buddy, Zed avails himself of the services of a young prostitute.
Chris Calloway, 27, replaced Jackson, 32, as the starting second wide receiver opposite Mike Sherrard before the season opener.
These questions, viewers were told, were kept in the vault of a Manhattan bank and transported by armored car to the NBC TV studios just moments before each week's edition of ``Twenty-One'' went on the air live.
Clinton and Vice President Al Gore before he accepted the top White House post in late June.
It says no impasse with the union exists after only the few bargaining sessions that took place before the league sued June 17 to prevent the union from suing on antitrust grounds.
RESCUE SCENE IMAGES HAUNT HEROES LEE'S SUMMIT, Mo.  (BC-HEROES-RESCUE-2TAKES-KAN) The two men noticed the crumpled car and its unconscious occupants just before the gas tank erupted.
Then, whoosh, it reignited, hotter than before.
He was publisher of Mademoiselle for five years before that.
She held a variety of editorial positions before being named executive editor in 1991.
Greenspan's testimony, in a regularly scheduled appearance before the Senate Banking Committee, indicated that the economy was doing well and that growth had slowed from an exuberant pace.
``It usually takes about nine months for a tightening to work its way through the econony.'' But there are investors and analysts who predict the Fed will not act next week and will instead wait until November before pushing rates up for a sixth time this year.
He would face a maximum life sentence in prison.) Lithuania was one of the centers of Jewish life in the decades before World War II, when 240,000 Jews lived here.
Prime Minister Slezevicius, who said in an interview before his speech that his parents hid Jews in their home in World War II, has announced plans to visit Israel next month.
``We had a downsizing regular force and an unprecedented participation by reservists in the various contingencies and we ran out of money before we ran out of fiscal year,'' Quimby said.
``But before we can transfer those funds, federal law makes us stop spending the money remaining in the threatened budget and that's what occurred here,'' Quimby said.
Three days before the complaint was filed, Shahvar instructed his lawyer, Robert H.
JAPONICA'S BID FOR BORDEN IS LONG ON ADVICE, SHORT ON NUMBERS  (BC-BORDEN-MARKETPLACE-NYT) ``Profitability is a state of mind.'' ``There are no mature markets, only mature managers who need to be rejuvenated or replaced.'' ``Wear out the soles of your shoes before the seat of your pants.'' Those are some of the ``management principles'' that Japonica Partners provided to Borden Inc.
But long before his last campaign, you could get a laugh in political circles just by mentioning the name of that perennial candidate, Harold Stassen.
In power terms, Clinton's handling of the Haiti problem in the months before last weekend's crunch was surely flawed.
For now, at least, Americans will work with the Haitian military, but they will not want to be seen as allies of the brutes who have savaged the people of Haiti since the overthrow of President Aristide -- and for generations before.
CARDOSO IS EXPECTED TO WIN BRAZIL'S PRESIDENTIAL RACE ARARUAMA, Brazil  (BC-BRAZIL-HUSTINGS-ART-NYT) With less than two weeks to go before 100 million Brazilians are to turn out to elect a new president, the front-runner, Fernando Henrique Cardoso, would normally be immersed in a pounding countdown of mass rallies up and down Brazil's densely populated Atlantic Coast.
Before, a sack of cement cost 30 one day, 35 the next.'' To da Silva and his 20 million supporters, it is highly suspicious that after five years of high inflation Brazil's government is magically creating financial stability the month before general elections.
Fluent in English, French and Spanish besides Portuguese, he served as foreign minister before taking Brazil's most important economic post last year.
``I'm an optimist, and I think it will be eight or nine years before that is widely available in homes,'' said William H.
Witnesses said as many as two people were killed but Marine officers said the bodies were dragged away before they could confirm the casualties.
``I told him on Wednesday that if he couldn't control his people we would.'' Jones, a square-jawed veteran of Vietnam and Saudi Arabia campaigns, warned that despite tighter security it may be ``just a matter of time'' before civilian mobs try to avenge nearly three years of police brutality.
It seems a fair question why anyone with a public image problem would seek help from a man who handled press affairs for four losing White House contenders before landing the job of spokesman for snakebitten Secretary of State Warren Christopher, one of the most seldom praised members of the Clinton Cabinet.
McCurry spent the next two years as communications director for the Democratic National Committee, before signing on early with the 1992 presidential primary campaign of Sen.
as part of a restructuring planned before the merger.
They are scheduled to meet on Monday in Toronto, five days before the seasons opens.
In 1944 he married Elizabeth Hyde, daughter of Charles Cheney Hyde, who held the Hamilton Fish chair of international law and diplomacy at Columbia before he did.
When the war ended, he joined the merchant marine and traveled around the world for several years before coming to Boston.
For the most part, the players were recalled from the minor leagues to major league clubs in the week before the players strike began or during the first week of September, when major league rosters could expand from 25 players to 40.
11, the day before the strike began.
The Yankees, who made the move before the two sides agreed to push back the Aug.
They must also be asked questions -- about particular evidence, arguments or personalities in the case -- that emerge only by staging simulated trials before focus groups or mock juries, as the defense has presumably been doing and the prosecution did earlier this month in Arizona -- much to its chagrin when word of the panel's distaste for the prosecutor, Marcia Clark, and her case leaked out.
Even before this Congress packs its bags and clears out, it's evident that such a rich diet did not rest easy in the legislative guts.
The president began by stating that he had run for office with ``very little illusions about how the politics at the national level in this country had become so abstract, so rhetorical and so subject to distortion, so totally divorced from the real life experience of real Americans, that change had become very difficult indeed.'' As he has before, he recited a list of positive developments, from peace in the Middle East to a tax cut for the poor, which he contended have been widely ignored in the public's evaluation of the state of the nation.
And he said the Democratic Party's principal task in the weeks before November's midterm elections would be to convince voters that this view is wrong.
The president will take that argument to New York and three Midwestern cities this weekend, in a round of fund-raising events for Democratic candidates, before he makes a speech at the United Nations on Monday.
It has spread from an examination of President Clinton's real estate dealings in Arkansas into a complex investigation of events that occurred before and after Clinton was elected president.
The indictments, as well as an explicit call for baseball and its union to act before spring training, were both loudly stated in a hearing on the exemption by members of the House Judiciary subcommittee on economics and commercial law.
However, he acknowledged that not much can be accomplished before Congress adjourns on or around Oct.
``If, before adjournment, the Senate acts and sends it to the House, I would be very open to allowing it to proceed directly to the president,'' Brooks said.
Thomas also has caused two fumbles, forced three others and pressured the quarterback into throwing before he was ready 11 times.
On his sack in the end zone on San Francisco's Steve Young, for instance, he blew by 49ers tackle Harry Boatswain before Boatswain had a chance to move.
Witnesses said as many as two people were killed but Marine officers said the bodies were dragged away before they could confirm the casualties.
``I told him on Wednesday that if he couldn't control his people, we would.'' Jones warned that despite tighter security it may be ``just a matter of time'' before civilian mobs try to avenge nearly three years of police brutality.
Chafee, R-R.I., a leader of the self-styled mainstream coalition, is understood to have told Mitchell that while no more than four Republican senators would vote for cloture as soon as the bill was put before the Senate, a few more like Cohen would be willing to do so after several days of debate.
Linda Taggart, administrator of the Ladies Center, testified said she had tried unsuccessfully to get the Pensacola police and the FBI to enforce the new law in June, about six weeks before Britton was killed.
But before the firm can do so it must meet certain net-worth requirements to insure that it is financially sound enough to back up the prices it quotes to the public and other dealers.
At lunch Wednesday, before any announcement from the Republicans, top White House officials met with a couple of dozen reporters and columnists to denounce the Republican plans -- which they had not yet seen in any detail -- as fiscally irresponsible.
``The commissioner is trying to write the headlines before he has all the facts,'' said James Snyder, president of the Personal Insurance Federation of California.
Simpson, who divorced her husband in 1992 and, shortly before her killing, called off all efforts to reconcile with him.
Rather than encouraging critics to take free shots at an inchoate bill, Mitchell could put a bill -- either a compromise or the coalition's original bill -- before the Senate for debate and a vote.
Mitchell needs to put a bill before the Senate now.
The U.S. plan could be frustrated, however, by the fact that in the weeks and months before the arrival of the Americans, the Haitian military government distributed thousands of new M-16 rifles, Uzi submachine guns and other weapons to its shadowy, sinister ``attaches,'' the civilian militia that is the real means of control.
Surrounded later by two dozen reporters in a cramped suite outside his office, communications director Mark Gearan, who is also expected to be reassigned, would say only that it would be ``inappropriate'' to discuss any job changes before Panetta makes an announcement.
``We had a downsizing regular force and an unprecedented participation by reservists in the various contingencies and we ran out of money before we ran out of fiscal year,'' Quimby said.
``But before we can transfer those funds, federal law makes us stop spending the money remaining in the threatened budget and that's what occurred here,'' Quimby said.
``We thought it would take some time before we could put Ronnie in net there because of last year.
as part of a restructuring planned before the merger.
``Disperse them immediately before they start trouble.'' On Wednesday, when two visitors drove into town, suspicious soldiers and jubilant residents initially thought they were some sort of American special forces.
In a protest rally held outside the agency's headquarters before the meeting, Butler, the president of the hospital workers' union, waved a roll of toilet paper and shouted, ``This is why people don't go to Harlem Hospital.'' He said a shortage of such basic supplies as tissue, clean linens and disinfectants for cleaning crews had driven patients away.
During a break from the meeting, Siegel said he felt he had the full support of the agency's board but that he would continue to meet with union officials next week before taking any action.
Fitzgerald also told prosecutors that he opened fire on DelDebbio before the officer had finished emptying his gun into Robinson, said Barry Agulnick, the lawyer for Officer Fitzgerald.
Lowe, 35, practiced before Wednesday night's exhibition game, a 1-0 Ranger loss to the Los Angeles Kings, but did not play.
And when they built Anaheim Stadium, he took me to see Wrigley Field (in Los Angeles) before they tore it down.
Then, minutes before a game at Cleveland, he discovered he had been busted another notch to third string.
This morning, on the day before a big game with Columbia of Lake City, Fla., the topic of conversation is whether the passion for Valdosta football is waning.
Aldrich, the principal, who coached under Hyder before going into administration, disagrees that race had anything to do with discontent over last season.
It has spread from an examination of President Clinton's real estate dealings in Arkansas into a complex investigation of events that occurred before and after Clinton was elected president.
``Our kids were better last week than they were the week before against Springfield,'' said Hameline, who is preparing his squad for Saturday's home opener against Marist (1-1).
Repik, 42, may retire before long.
1, but Bettman on Thursday vowed to ``postpone'' the start of the season unless the league and the NHL Players Association hammer out a new collective bargaining agreement before then.
(Several teams, including the Kings and New York Rangers, lined up on the ice and shook hands before their exhibition games Wednesday night as a show of union solidarity.
It's possible the Kings and Pittsburgh Penguins will repeat the gesture before tonight's game at the Forum.
Goodenow pointed out that valuable free agents such as the Kings' Rob Blake, Washington's Kevin Hatcher and Edmonton's Bill Ranford did not receive a single offer from other teams this summer before they all were re-signed.
The Dodgers are a great group of people to work with.'' Elmore, who also owns the Dodgers' Class AA affiliate in San Antonio, said he plans to sample community opinion before deciding whether the team will be renamed the San Bernardino Dodgers.
Both said this week that they could not talk about their trip to Wall Street because of legal strictures against discussing an offering before it comes to market.
Griese, an analyst for ABC, told USC offensive coordinator Mike Riley as much before USC's game with Penn State.
NOTE TO SIMPSON FROM EX-WIFE, VIDEOTAPES FOCUS OF EVIDENTIARY HEARING LOS ANGELES  (BC-SIMPSON-EVIDENCE-2Takes-LADN) Handwritten on an index card before her death, the note from Nicole Brown Simpson to her former husband was brief, and its interpretation could shape a judge's decision whether it can be used as evidence in O.J. Simpson's murder trial.
Speaking on the steps of the downtown Criminal Courts Building, lead attorney Robert Shapiro said, ``Only one thing is apparent: that she was very much in love with O.J. and wanted to get back to him shortly before her ...
Simpson's maid said the officers rearranged family photos to include a picture of Paula Barbieri, who has been linked romantically to Simpson, and attempted to gain entry onto the property before the search warrant was in their hands.
After his arrest, he was suspended from the team for 60 days and underwent weekly counseling before he was reinstated Aug.28.
Both will play before a large gathering of family and friends, as will offensive tackle and Arlington Heights High School graduate Blake Brockermeyer.
This saga opened last week with Fulmer cowering before the media, describing top-ranked Florida as the greatest plague since the Black Death.
``I remember asking Barry Switzer if Brian ought to be saying all those things to the press (before the 1984 Texas game), and he said, `Don't worry -- Boz will be great and the game won't change a bit.' ``That's true.
The only cowboy to stay the full eight seconds was Cleburne's Monty Penny, who made the ride in December before the bounty began.
The animal's name was Mirage before Gay designated him as a bounty bull.
Laramie II's mount is determined by random draw a few minutes before the rodeo.
The bottom line is that the minority can bring this place to its knees.'' With just two weeks left before Congress adjourns, Republicans are emboldened by President Clinton's lagging popularity, Democratic losses in recent elections and a Field Poll showing Republican challenger Michael Huffington drawing into a dead heat with first-term incumbent Feinstein.
Feinstein had hoped to break a Republican filibuster Thursday, but that was before another filibuster hit the campaign finance reform bill.
NOTE TO SIMPSON FROM EX-WIFE, VIDEOTAPES FOCUS OF EVIDENTIARY HEARING LOS ANGELES  (BC-SIMPSON-EVIDENCE-1stLd-2Takes-Writethru-LADN) Handwritten on an index card before her death, the note from Nicole Brown Simpson to her former husband was brief, and its interpretation could shape a judge's decision whether it can be used as evidence in O.J. Simpson's murder trial.
Speaking on the steps of the downtown Criminal Courts Building, lead attorney Robert Shapiro said, ``Only one thing is apparent: that she was very much in love with O.J. and wanted to get back to him shortly before her ...
Simpson's maid said the officers rearranged family photos to include a picture of Paula Barbieri, who has been linked romantically to Simpson, and attempted to gain entry onto the property before the search warrant was in their hands.
Clinton sent him after, rather than before, a presidential address announcing that diplomacy had been exhausted and that invasion was inevitable.
Clinton sent him after, rather than before, a presidential address announcing that diplomacy had been exhausted and that invasion was inevitable.
It also betrays a crass irresponsibility and lack of judgment that should make sensible statesmen hesitate long and hard before deploying him again as a freelance peacemaker.
It also betrays a crass irresponsibility and lack of judgment that should make sensible statesmen hesitate long and hard before deploying him again as a freelance peacemaker.
It also betrays a crass irresponsibility and lack of judgment that should make sensible statesmen hesitate long and hard before deploying him again as a freelance peacemaker.
But Gbeho exudes optimism: ``There is a better promise of peace than before,'' he says.
But Gbeho exudes optimism: ``There is a better promise of peace than before,'' he says.
In keeping with national custom, there must be a 100-day wait before the formal ceremony.
``He has lunch, then before he comes back here for dinner, he has a good nap.
The movie doesn't rank with the streamlined bliss of ``Speed.'' But for one last taste of summer escapism before the more sober flicks of fall arrive, ``Terminal Velocity'' delivers the adrenalin.
Plus, there was the incident when he fired a gun into the air at a supermarket after a squabble with his aforementioned girlfriend, because somebody was ``questioning (his) manhood.'' Then there are Rison's ``guarantees'' before games.
The point is that Rison functions well in turmoil, especially after he invents these little enemies before, during and after games.
Parents are urged to learn more about the film before taking children.
About 52 people before they're put in Tommy Lee Jones' jail.
For one last taste of summer escapism before the more sober flicks of fall arrive, ``Terminal Velocity'' delivers the adrenalin.
The closure of La Conexion Familiar (Spanish for ``the family connection'') came one week before workers were set to vote on whether to unionize.
``We would prefer to wait until the commission issues the results of the balloting before deciding what to do,'' Isabel Oviedo said by telephone.
Slice loaf just before serving.
Getting there is all the fun, especially with such traveling companions as grumpy William Frawley and gruff Lionel Stander, many years before those memorable character actors found greater acclaim on television.
``And you can bet they will hold the prosecution to the highest possible standard of reasonable doubt before they vote to convict.'' Meanwhile, the overall task of choosing a jury remains a legal sub-specialty.
This otherwise commendable work needs just a little more attention to detail, however, before it can become a final reference work on baseball.
They go home and kiss their wives and play checkers with their daughters and then deliver a major policy address on nuclear proliferation before retiring to bed for eight hours of dreamless sleep.
The orders signed by Stacy declared that requirements for birth certificates, driver's licenses, voter registration, marriage licenses, Social Security cards and registration for the Selective Service are ``unconstitutional.'' The orders, in the form of declaratory judgments, state: ``Any criminal accusation or action in equity brought against (the individual) must be brought before a jury of his peers and tried under the provisions of the common law.'' One person who received an order from Stacy tried to use it to challenge a municipal court's jurisdiction over 10 traffic tickets.
We have to have laws to hold the system together.'' In its ruling Wednesday, the judicial commission said that Stacy had shown ``a lack of competence in the most fundamental principles of law'' and had acted with ``gross indifference to his conduct and with specific intent to use the powers of his office to accomplish a purpose which he knew or should have known was beyond the legitimate exercise of his authority.'' On Thursday, the one-term, lame-duck county judge -- he was defeated in a Republican primary runoff this spring -- defended his signing of the orders as a proper interpretation of the U.S. Constitution and called the reprimand ``a continuation of the Austin vendetta against Republicans.'' He said he voided the orders after he was advised he did not follow proper judicial procedure, but he said the issue may resurface before he leaves office Dec.
Reynolds said Greenwood had opposed the measure before he studied it.
In addition, it requires current inmates to serve more of their sentence before being eligible for parole.
We can do that more easily perhaps than the Met can.'' Will they be sampling the menu before the party, always the chore of the charity chairmen?
Buckley said, ``something's going to hit them the last four weeks before the party.'' What?
Saxon Publishing provides a long list of schools that use the books, with accolades from the teachers and impressive before-and-after statistics about Scholastic Assessment Test scores, enrollments in advanced math, physics and chemistry and other data.
It's President Clinton raising money for Democrats who are running for their political lives six weeks before the midterm elections, often by distancing themselves from the White House.
and has 4,800 restaurants and $3.7 billion in sales, stopped using lard for its food items seven years ago, and the chain had been planning to introduce its reduced-fat items well before the center's report came out.
Even before the reorganization, the chain had begun adding more vegetable dishes and changed its method of food preparation.
Blaming opposition from the regional Bell companies, Hollings said he had run out of time before Congress adjourns.
It's based upon a nonhorror-genre story by Stephen King, and we've seen most of its plot elements before.
Torn has played this part at least twice before, in Cross Creek and Heartland, and the experience helps.
That was before he lost a backstairs tug-of-war last week over who should be Clinton's chief spokesman.
She worked at Disneyland, doing one-armed cartwheels and splits, before Jesse rescued her from that awful future.
His assertion of innocence seemed to gain some credibility after the Dutch foreign ministry confirmed earlier this month that Van Damme had been in contact with the intelligence agency just before his arrest in Singapore.
But there is no deadline for Clinton to act, and Silajdzic noted that Congress itself plans to adjourn before October 15.
In 1947, immediately before he wrote ``Waiting for Godot,'' Beckett finished his first full-length play, ``Eleutheria,'' in French.
The reading by a group of actors at the New York Theater Workshop, before an invited audience, is to be the first public airing of the play.
``It's sort of a missing link,'' said S.E. Gontarski, a Beckett author and scholar who wrote a literal English translation of the play before Bermel's version.
The company considered 16 cities and evaluated incentives similar to Kansas City's that were offered by Dallas and Denver before deciding to stay close to its Midwest roots and expand here.
Pope John Paul II was ranked as an outsider before his own election in 1978.
``And there still exists one of the most constant beliefs of the Vatican, according to which the pope enjoys the best possible health until the moment before he dies.'' Yet, the writer said, these days the question, ``How is the pope?'' is quickly followed by another, ``Who could be elected?'' 
This is perhaps its most impressive accomplishment in an era when many charities have become bureaucratic monsters that consume much of the money they raise before it ever gets to intended beneficiaries.
One of the Ulster Unionists' principal demands is that the IRA surrender its arsenal of weapons and explosives, which he estimated at 100 tons, before it be given a place at a negotiating table with Britain and Ireland, an event not expected before next spring at the earliest.
Pour over salad just before serving.
Yet Ms. Modahl of Forrester estimates there is only a 12-to-18 month window before most of the difficulties of delivering information on the Internet are gone, and with them much of the traditional market for today's on-line services.
``I've got kids (ages 3{ and 7{), and I'd like to show them something before they're 40.'' Tolkin expects at some point to return to adult fare, but he said it's getting more and more difficult to find backing for the kinds of films he makes.
In the second quarter, Salomon lost $291 million, before taxes, on its trading desks that deal with clients, and mortgage trading, in which Salomon was known for aggressive risk taking, was reported to have been a big component of that loss.
``We didn't have to print anything out, ever, and we didn't have to worry about papers strewn around or questions being compromised.'' During games, contestants were kept in separate rooms until just before the game.
Each network created its own watchdog department to oversee game shows, make spot checks for fairness and weed out impropriety before it could turn into a liability, he said.
But due to the strict rules, he would have to wait until the person lost and was no longer a contestant before he could even say hello.
Piano man Elton John gives a benefit for his AIDS foundation before 6,000 fans who have paid big bucks to hear him play Wednesday night at the Greek Theatre, and they check the lights, the microphones, the speakers, the TV cameras, the refreshments backstage, John's jacket and vest, his skirt and tights.
``This has never happened before, what's happened tonight,'' John said, apologetically.
That isn't good enough.'' Installing an interactive system on airplanes requires not only installing video screens at each seat, according to Robert Ernst, director of on-board services planning for United Airlines, but also ``integrating some 2,000 individual electronic boxes into each airplane.'' That task, he said, is comparable ``to putting a phone, a personal computer and a television at every seat on an airplane, something that had never been attempted before.'' Hughes-Avicom is deactivating the Northwest system, which was installed at a cost of about $1.5 million for each plane, and reinstalling noninteractive systems that supply only movies and music.
Not many people could be Squiggy's sidekick Lenny on ``Laverne and Shirley,'' and then move on to ``Spinal Tap,'' before being cast Martin Tupper's non-understanding, uncompromising Australian boss in a recurring guest role on HBO's ``Dream On.'' So far, he says, his ``SNL'' experience has been enjoyable.
They're more of a grind it out and get 5 yards type of team.'' Colorado's success became Michigan's warning because the two unbeaten teams meet Saturday afternoon at Michigan Stadium before the customary 100,000-plus, which will be the largest crowd to see the Buffaloes play.
These dancers are not the same people who frequented Kigali Night before the civil war.
Most of the young Rwandans had never seen Kigali before July.
But it is already clear that the return of property will be one of the toughest problems to solve in this tiny country, where arable land was scarce even before the war.
The political organism's biology compels it always to do what it has always done before.
Nevertheless, Ms. Myers has been the face and voice of the Clinton Administration for millions of Americans, giving this President a public profile different, more diverse than any before.
``They gave illustrations about how in the final analysis the players will stick together, because sticking together is what this players' association is about.'' A total of 22 players from 14 teams attended the four-hour session at the Hotel Inter-Continental in Manhattan, the third of seven meetings that Donald Fehr, the players' labor leader, will have before the end of the month to update the striking players on developments, or lack of them.
Noting that Winfield had lost $5,555.55 a day during the 50-day strike in 1981, Orza said that the veteran told him 10 years later: ``I didn't get what I got because people before me broke ranks.
When Jews were hunted in Yugoslavia, they could only survive because the Serbian peasants left the barn door open overnight.'' Neither Bogdanich nor Ranz had seen the new exhibit before the opening..
``And that never happened to me before where I tipped the ball to someone.''.
``He had told me all week before the Miami game he was having 100 people coming to see him.'' Breaux said Mitchell was able to confront the situation ``It's not as if you can make believe he didn't drop the balls,'' Breaux said.
When they reconvene on Monday, the senators will face more procedural steps, more talk and more votes on parliamentary points -- such a thicket that it could be days or even weeks before a matter of substance, campaign finance or anything else, is addressed.
The reason for the impasse is clear: Democrats believe they will have less strength in the next Congress than in this one, so they want to pass everything they can before Congress adjourns next month.
Under Senate rules, three procedural motions must be adopted before a bill can be sent to conference to reconcile the differences with a House bill.
Lauch Faircloth of North Carolina spoke from 2 a.m.to 3 a.m.; Connie Mack of Florida, from 3 a.m. to 4 a.m.; Hank Brown of Colorado from 4 a.m. to 5 a.m. (after which he went to an empty gym and worked out before going to his office); Judd Gregg of New Hampshire from 5 a.m. to 6 a.m., and so forth.
VALDOSTA, Ga.  (BC-GA-FOOTBALL-II-NYT) Nearly four hours before Valdosta's game with Columbia County Friday night, a hard rain had started to fall, and the butterflies that had lain dormant in Kareem Wilson's stomach all week began to stir.
In each case, blacks participate in greater numbers than before, but don't necessarily share power fully.
 (BC-NY-CITY-OWNED-HOUSING-2NDTAKE-NYT) While almost every component of Giuliani's new program has been tried before, one aspect is new: For the first time, both occupied and vacant buildings will be clustered and sold to the same owner.
Feinstein's latest television commercials say her opponent is a carpetbagger, ``a Texas oil millionaire whom Californians just can't trust.'' Most worrying to Feinstein and her campaign strategists is Huffington's apparent plan to spend at least another $10 million of his own money before the Nov.
Huffington says his business background, which he claims followed a middle-class childhood before the family struck it rich in the gas fields of Indonesia, is more suited to helping Californians than Feinstein's long tenure in politics.
Feinstein's latest television commercials say her opponent is a carpetbagger, ``a Texas oil millionaire whom Californians just can't trust.'' Most worrying to Feinstein and her campaign strategists is Huffington's apparent plan to spend at least another $10 million of his own money before the Nov.
Huffington says his business background, which he claims followed a middle-class childhood before the family struck it rich in the gas fields of Indonesia, is more suited to helping Californians than Feinstein's long tenure in politics.
Although Ceres juices were sold in the United States before sanctions took hold in the 1980s, re-entering the market is like starting over, Pamensky said, including having to meet strict new requirements set by the Food and Drug Administration.
Residents of Surat, a city of 1.6 million in Gujurat state, reported scenes of confusion and panic reminiscent of the plague outbreaks that devastated India before the advent of effective antibiotic treatment and insecticides in the 1960s.
Elaraby, told the Council before the formal vote took place that sanctions are being eased when ``it is abundantly clear before world public opinion that no tangible progress has happened in the field.'' He said the Council, failing to stop aggression, had resigned itself to a fait accompli.
Croatia's representative called the move ``a dangerous precedent.'' Diplomats said the Council seemed to be propelled into action by a desire to complete work on these resolutions before heads of government and foreign ministers begin to arrive to address the General Assembly next week and the Council's work could be complicated by the reopening of debate.
Wheatley was the favorite to win the Heisman Trophy before suffering a second-degree separation of his right shoulder during August practice.
``Collins is the guy they can't afford to lose.'' As in his Blockbuster days, McCartney began preparing for Collins and his ilk as long ago as December, before Colorado's 41-30 triumph over Fresno State in the Aloha Bowl.
Orders placed before 10 a.m. will be delivered on the same day or for pickup after 6 p.m. Orders received after 10 a.m. will be filled the next day.
Residents of Surat, a city of 1.6 million in Gujarat state, reported scenes of confusion and panic reminiscent of the plague outbreaks that devastated India before the advent of effective antibiotic treatment and insecticides in the 1960s.
``No one has ever seen the U.S. Trustee in Hartford before or since,'' said John B.
Law firms commonly obtain the permission of clients before opposing them in a case, but Weil, Gotshal had not.
Friday, North campaign officials were poised to counter Robb's remarks before he even made them.
``It was obvious to me that, regardless of how he was able to salvage the business at that point, it was only a matter of time before the same problem cropped up again,'' said Ostro, now a biotech analyst with the securities unit of Union Bank of Switzerland.
``I am contemplating terminating the media coverage in this case,'' the judge said on the final day of hearings before the case moves to jury selection Monday.
Although U.S. officials here are currently concentrating their efforts on the uniformed, official forces that have been agents of repression, the ``attaches'' and other unofficial groups have been given thousands of new M-16 rifles, Uzi machine-guns and other weapons in the period before the Americans arrived.
KNBC incurred Ito's wrath Thursday by having reported the day before -- erroneously, both Ito and lead prosecutor Marcia Clark said -- that DNA tests had detected Nicole Brown Simpson's blood on socks found in her former husband's home.
He offers (italics)plenty(end italics) of Quotations from Chairman Paul -- like ``Wear out the soles of your shoes before the seat of your pants'' and a paean to his management philosophy of ``Dynamic Tension.'' Hmmm.
In issuing her ruling, which ordered the pension fund to remain the responsibility of New Valley, Winfield urged the pension agency and New Valley to reach an agreement before a Nov.
Hollings, D-S.C. Blaming opposition from some of the regional Bell companies, which argued that the legislation was stacked against them, Hollings said he would not have been able to push his bill through before this session of Congress ends next month.
It is this restriction that some Bell companies have already successfully appealed before federal courts.
But South Carolina officials still hope to win an appeal before the radioactive material arrives.
``We intend to appeal the decision to the full court,'' said Carl Roberts, Campbell's senior environmental adviser, ``and we believe that we can do that before the fuel assemblies arrive.'' He would not clarify whether he meant before the assemblies could come ashore, at the Sunny Point Military Terminal in Wilmington, N.C., or before they could travel by train to Savannah River, which is about 200 miles away, near Aiken, S.C. For security reasons, the Energy Department refused to say when the fuel would land.
8, Flight 427 suddenly turned left and went into a nose dive minutes before it was scheduled to land in Pittsburgh on a flight from Chicago.
Investigators ran tests in Seattle and California to determine if the devices that control the plane's rudder might have caused the wild left turn that came before the crash.
I know the year before he didn't think so.'' McLennan gives much of the credit to Hextall.
All the players reported to Byrne Meadowlands Arena for practice Friday before Friday night's exhibition game against the New York Islanders.
``If they keep reacting the way they are now, it shows that they're intelligent.'' One way NHL players have reacted to the threat of a lockout is by having teams shake hands at center ice before exhibition games as a sign of union solidarity.
The Devils shook hands with the Flyers before the game here Wednesday night and they expected to do so with the Islanders tonight.
Giuliani has asserted before that Pataki would have to earn his endorsement by providing details about his governmental approach to New York City.
``At the old Garden, they could throw things,'' he observed just before the opening of the new Garden in 1968.
It was the latest honor bestowed on a Northridge Little League team that inspired thousands of earthquake-ravaged residents in the San Fernando Valley and people across the nation by advancing to the championship game of the Little League World Series before losing to Venezuela in Williamsport, Pa. The team has participated in two parades, met first lady Hillary Clinton, appeared on ``The Tonight Show'' and had its exploits printed on a milk bottle.
``I had to grab him before a Secret Service agent got him,'' Saul said.
It was the latest honor bestowed on a Northridge Little League team that inspired thousands of earthquake-ravaged residents in the San Fernando Valley and people across the nation by advancing to the championship game of the Little League World Series before losing to Venezuela in Williamsport, Pa. The team has participated in two parades, met first lady Hillary Clinton, appeared on ``The Tonight Show'' and had its exploits printed on a milk bottle.
``I had to grab him before a Secret Service agent got him,'' Saul said.
How much further can that company go along these lines before it encounters a feminist backlash?
Residents of Surat, a city of 1.6 million in Gujarat state, reported scenes of confusion and panic reminiscent of the plague outbreaks that devastated India before the advent of effective antibiotic treatment and insecticides in the 1960s.
At least 10 Soviet and Eastern European double agents working for the CIA died after he began working for Moscow, and he went undetected for almost nine years before his arrest.
The CIA's inspector general is scheduled to testify before the Senate intelligence committee on the draft report next week.
The former Dodgers shortstop had managed at Albuquerque for two years before returning as a bench coach this past season.
Then the Kings and Tocchet's former team, the Pittsburgh Penguins, combined for 76 shots and 10 goals before an announced crowd of 12,652.
The year before, he had career highs of 48 goals and 61 assists -- along with 252 penalty minutes -- in 80 games.
It is all the stranger, then, that at the age of 77, ailing with prostate cancer and barely seven months before leaving office, Mitterrand should have placed himself at the center of an unparalleled debate about France's wartime past.
Grant wasn't big and powerful looking; he was 40 before his hitting prowess was publicly acknowledged.
One hundred and one years passed before Atlanta became major league, 128 until Miami did.
Fifty percent of these babies are conceived either before marriage or with someone other than the mother's husband.'' (Kinzer, N.S. ``Soapy Sin in the Afternoon,'' Psychology Today)''.
Some Haitians are convinced that the United States is pursuing a Trojan Horse strategy, waiting until all its 14,000 troops are here before it comes down hard on the military.
The United States has been down this road before, of course.
And, ironically, the debate leads back to many of the issues raised by Lani Guinier, President Clinton's short-lived nominee to head the Justice Department's Civil Rights division, whose name was withdrawn before her ideas even received a formal hearing.
They note that the districts were largely accepted by both politicians and voters before the Shaw ruling.
Political analysts say it was the need to protect incumbents that most defined the districts' odd configurations, and that race was a factor in political gerrymandering long before the gerrymandering was done to help elect blacks.
Researchers from the University of Washington and Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle, using a tumor registry, were able to identify clinic participants who developed ovarian cancers before 1992.
``Had I only done those,'' he hypothesized, ``had I only been known for those, then there might have been a problem, but the background before those movies -- that hopefully people haven't forgotten -- I think allows me to go back and forth.'' What Sheen calls ``the background'' begins at age 9 with the acclaimed television film ``The Execution of Private Slovik,'' which starred his father, Martin.
Twenty years before the story begins, Dr. Daruwalla was the attending physician -- no matter that he was an orthopedic surgeon -- at a bizarre double murder.
So the doctor, the actor, a deputy commissioner and his wife -- whose paths all crossed two decades before at the scene of the first killings -- have teamed up to solve the murders and catch the person responsible for the bloodshed.
And, as in most Irving fare, it's a little hard to get into, hooks you and slows down a little just before quickening again at the end -- which always comes too soon.
His stories need to be restrained before the end, you need to want to put them down.
``What we have done is sort of shown the rest of the news media that there are people interested in celebrity stories, and before we came along they simply weren't getting covered,'' said John Tomlin, co-creator and executive producer of ``Inside Edition.'' ``Inside Edition'' has had 25 people working on the O.J. story.
I think they're a much-improved football team.'' The Raiders defense, scorched by San Francisco's Steve Young and Seattle's Rick Mirer before shutting down John Elway, will be challenged by Humphries, who, now that he is no longer playing with a sore shoulder, has an NFL-best quarterback rating of 119.4. He has thrown six touchdown passes with no interceptions.
A significant amount of time remains before teams even have to plan for it.
But the talk has begun because neither side feels optimistic about the ability to reach an agreement before spring training.
If the owners think the strike is ugly, before they try to entice players to cross imaginary picket lines, they might want to envision the ugliness that would ensue.
Walter O'Malley, late owner of the Los Angeles Dodgers, had a similar reaction before that strike.
Not long before the World Series was canceled, one management official reported that Peter O'Malley of the Los Angeles Dodgers, a moderate, was moving toward the hard-line position ``because he's lost so much money he needs to get something back.'' But the executive of another club said, ``I've heard the opposite in the last few days.
Baffled by his first and only encounter with the modern culture wars, he sadly concluded, ``It's a new world.'' Last week Styne died, but the old world that spawned him had vanished long before.
The Beatles had invaded the Ed Sullivan Theater across Broadway only weeks before, cementing the rock revolution that ended the grip of Styne's kind of music on the nation.
Brennan's travails were widely covered in the press, and Mulvihill's were detailed in a corporate annual report just months before the Harriman investment was made.
``Someone could be incubating plague before feeling sick enough to seek medical care,'' Gubler said, ``and if that person gets on an airplane, plague could spread not only in India but out of India.'' Pneumonic plague is the deadliest and most easily communicable form of the disease.
His comments, prepared for a speech he will give before a conference of the National Alliance of Business but made public here Saturday, describe the nation as moving rapidly ahead in a period of economic expansion, but at the expense of the workers propelling it.
The three trials, held in separate courtrooms before separate judges and juries, all started at various times on Monday, Sept.
Even before his mission to Haiti, Powell had a remarkable approval rating of 74 percent, as against an unfavorable rating of 8 percent, in a poll published by The Los Angeles Times earlier this month.
But I don't rule anything out.'' He may well have to make a decision before his book is finished.
The 1996 campaign will start soon after Christmas this year, and the schedule has been so compressed -- with many primaries earlier than before -- that money will have to be raised very soon.
``There's not much I could do.'' This seeming paralysis of the U.N. peacekeeping force and NATO before the renewed suffocation of Sarajevo has infuriated the Bosnian government and raised the question of what response is possible to this particular form of warfare.
``The current was so fast that we could not use the small boats.'' When the waters settled, Liu said it was many days before the family could use even boiled water from the river.
Many were there long before the current round of protests against newer, flashier establishments that offer similar entertainment.
Older people, rather than younger: those with a basic understanding of the murder charges and case against O.J. Simpson, but who can analyze and interpret the evidence before them without bias.
Further complicating matters is the possibility that Ito will hold a lengthy hearing on the admissibility of crucial DNA evidence after the jury is sworn in -- which would require sequestered jurors to cool their heels for weeks in a hotel before they actually heard any evidence.
``She had broken up with O.J. a week and a half before.
He had never failed before -- the way I was for a large part of my life.'' Besides a brief appearance during the campaign helping Carter build a home for Habitat for Humanity, the Clintons pretty much avoided the Carters.
``I couldn't talk before,'' a man in the crowd said.
Even before the 1991 coup, Haiti was the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere, with the average income about $250 a year.
But U.S. officials estimate it will be three to six months before aid begins flowing again substantially, though food and medicine should begin arriving much sooner.
Murray said tribal officials were approached by a broker who aggressively courted them for four years before convincing them in 1993 to buy derivatives.
``The broker said these investments were 100 percent government-guaranteed, that we could make money and that they were not as risky as buying stocks.'' The broker, Tracy McKnight, and his firm, MGSI Securities in Houston, declined to comment on this case, which is now before the National Association of Securities Dealers, the brokerage industry's self-regulatory body.
And he represented these as very safe.'' Swartzlander and other local treasurers did not know that Winter, 56, had run afoul of securities laws before.
``Someone could be incubating plague before feeling sick enough to seek medical care,'' Gubler said, ``and if that person gets on an airplane, plague could spread not only in India but out of India.'' Pneumonic plague is the deadliest and most easily communicable form of the disease.
One wealthy Haitian businessman, who spoke on condition that his name not be used, said it was only a matter of time before the military started to demand tribute beyond the bribes many of the elite were already paying to keep businesses open.
In the era before antibiotics and pesticides, when millions died of plague outbreaks in India, the bubonic plague was far more common than pneumonic plague, which generally develops among populations already suffering from bubonic plague.
The report stressed that the airport should not open before it is ready.
In taking this position shortly before a Federal Reserve meeting to consider another rate increase, the National Association of Manufacturers directly challenged a basic tenet of the central bank's policy.
The Green had the ball once more with six seconds left and completed one pass before time ran out.
Tim Spicer, a spokesman for Rose in Sarajevo, rejected the suggestion that the general might leave Sarajevo before his one-year assignment ends on Jan.
The general's decision to take a 10-day break on Korcula Island off the Croatian coast just before Pope John Paul II's planned visit to Sarajevo this month also raised eyebrows.
For his part, Pataki, appearing before the same crowd about a half hour after Cuomo left, seemed content to play the serene front-runner, and his treatment of the governor was far more gentle than Cuomo had received from some disaffected constituents.
Cuomo tried to discuss those issues with Notti before giving up in frustration as Notti continued to scream.
In last week's 30-26 victory over Louisiana State University, Auburn trailed by 23-9 in the fourth quarter before the Tiger defense triggered the comeback.
``Both of them were at fault here,'' said one person who has had a close relationship with both individuals, ``because both of them have such big egos.'' The problems started before Keenan spent one moment behind the Rangers' bench.
That may have made the difference in the outcome of a pulsating game before a crowd of 31,215 at Michie Stadium, which was won by the Owls (2-1), 23-20, on a late 13-play, 83-yard scoring drive.
But before taxpayers salivate over the prospect of lower taxes, they should note that the next governor will be hard pressed to deliver on his promise.
All this is occurring as some church officials say members are digging deeper into their pockets than ever before, but much of the money is staying at the local level.
If members want to demonstrate that they do not hold themselves above the laws they write for everyone else, they should pass this bill before they adjourn.
WET TRACK AN OBSTACLE TO TABASCO CAT'S GOAL  (BC-RAC-TABASCO-NYT) The road to the Breeders' Cup, dominated by Holy Bull when he was racing and still dominated by Holy Bull when he is not, carried some leading contenders through Turfway Park in Kentucky and Belmont Park in New York Saturday with six weeks to go before racing's day of days.
``She kept saying they were trying to help her,'' Detective M.J. Ned recalled before the trial in Dallas County District Court.
Burrows has twice served time in prison for burglary convictions but was never before accused of a violent crime.
The experience, he said, convinced him that poor rural people, ``like black people, don't get a fair shake with the system.'' Burrows' lawyer, Kathleen Zellner, had visited Ms. Potter more than 20 times before the woman finally confessed.
She said that her mother had previously worked as a housekeeper for Dulin and that she had borrowed money from him before.
Although the new form doesn't require different information than before, it will require taxpayers, in some cases, to enter that information in different places on the form.
``We don't just draw them up in the dirt right before the game.
``And that one play goes all the way back to weeks and weeks or work before that day.'' Do the players have confidence in such plays?
He did a real good job of getting rid of the ball.'' The focus of the sackless streak has been on two people: Wilkinson, who played in just 22 games at Ohio State before coming out as a junior, and the defensive-line coach, Joe Wessel, in his first year as a pro assistant after coaching linebackers at Notre Dame last year.
But all drivers are required to check the trailers before setting out on their journeys, Willard said.
While the police are having a hard time trying to trace the woman or find anyone who knows her, at least one person said he had seen her before.
In a city where there are such things as an erotic bakery and cable channels with all manners of sexual explicitness, the proliferation of topless bars, X-rated video stores and other ``adult'' businesses has provoked an unusually concerted uproar, particularly in residential neighborhoods where they had rarely ventured before.
It will be weeks before either rusher can plant his foot without pain, even with a steel plate inserted in the shoe.
Add to that the magnitude of what Cuomo is asking, what only one governor in American history has done before: win a fourth consecutive four-year term.
It could be that there are numerous points to be ironed out before a meticulously worded agreement that is fair to both sides can be hammered out.
Hockey needs to cross its battle lines immediately, talk around the clock if need be, and then sign the papers before Oct.
Although such insurance costs only a few hundred dollars a year for healthy people who sign up before they turn 60, it is unavailable to those who are already infirm, and the policies are often only good for a limited period.
Jeff Thomas, a wide receiver for Loundes, now plays on one side of the offensive formation for Georgia and Hunter on the other, and the families regularly meet at the same spot behind McWhorten Hall before each Bulldog home game.
We've never before been asked to sort children to turn some of them out and deprive them of education,'' Loofbourrow said.
But many members of Haiti's tiny middle class expect that the U.S. mission will somehow unravel before Oct.
``I heard about democracy,'' an unemployed 19-year-old named Mitchell said shortly before the first U.S. troops landed.
However, with each day that this crisis continues, a concept like a players' league has to be evaluated.'' The Players League must overcome several problems before it becomes reality.
If the owners declare an impasse in negotiations and unilaterally impose a salary cap, the union is expected to go before the National Labor Relations Board and accuse management of failing to bargain in good faith.
Two plays, more than any, killed the Matadors: Twice, long snapper Andrew Rose hiked the ball over punter Darren McMahon and both mistakes led to scores -- the first a field goal 10 seconds before halftime, the second a touchdown that gave the Bobcats a 28-17 lead early in the fourth quarter.
The Matadors had a chance to take a significant lead shortly before halftime, when they took over on their 45 with 1:38 to go.
Then, with less than two minutes before halftime, Washington State's Terrell Henderson blocked a punt.
Donahue assured Cook he was still the No. 1 quarterback before replacing him with Fien, a sophomore.
Then, with less than two minutes before halftime, Washington State's Terrell Henderson blocked a punt.
Donahue assured Cook he was still the No. 1 quarterback before replacing him with Fien, a sophomore.
Johnson completed his first seven passes for 163 yards and Walters had his second career 100-yard game before the half was over.
Many more are finding commercial property insurance difficult to get and, when it can be found, much more costly than before the hurricane.
Officials said a platoon on patrol had stopped across the street from the police headquarters shortly before 7:30 p.m. When armed men came out of the station, ``words were exchanged, and there was gunfire,'' Colonel Hartley said.
Out in the Ohio end of the tribes' then-vast lands, Washington's army had been mauled by warriors under Little Turtle before reinforcements led by Gen.
But there are differences in the accounts that you should consider before making the shift.
Ten-year averaging, which allows you to pay tax on a lump sum as if it were received over 10 years, is available only to taxpayers born before 1936.
Check with your accountant before making the change.
After Yuspeh charged stock churning and abusive sales practices before a securities arbitration panel last spring, Stratton of Lake Success, N.Y., was ordered to repay nearly $50,000 of his more than $70,000 in losses.
In a settlement with the agency last February, just days before the three-year-old complaint was to go to court, Stratton agreed to pay about $2 million to investors and $500,000 more in fines.
Long before the advent of AIDS, tuberculosis was the most pressing health crisis of the 20th century.
But they acknowledge that they are wary about troop withdrawals before they are assured the Palestinians can adequately curb anti-Israeli violence.
In the minutes before last night's game with the Chicago Bears, the 35-year-old free safety walked out for the coin toss as the Jets' defensive captain, one of the tri-captains (the others are from the offense and special teams) that Coach Pete Carroll appoints week by week.
``That's what Pete wants to do here.'' In the 1984 National Conference championship game, the 49ers blanked the Bears, 23-0, before winning Super Bowl XIX.
After losing a 1988 Monday night game in Chicago, 10-9, the 49ers returned to Soldier Field for the NFC championship game and won, 28-3, before adding Super Bowl XXIII rings to their collection.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) At the news conference, Frank Delaney, Lewis' manger, was clearly angry as he announced that he would protest the result on the grounds that a fast count was delivered by a referee who had never before worked a heavyweight championship.
But that was before Jan Apell and Jonas Bjorkman dominated Saturday's doubles; before the ever-fragile Pete Sampras was forced to retire after only one set against Stefan Edberg because of a strained hamstring, and before Larsson imperiously shrugged off Martin's higher ranking and served Sweden straight into its ninth Davis Cup final with a 5-7, 6-2, 6-2, 6-4 victory.
Although the taped information upholds the letter of the law, which says that at least 24 hours before abortions, patients must be ``orally informed'' by a doctor about the procedure, abortion opponents say the tapes do not comply with the spirit of the law.
Although the taped information upholds the letter of the law, which says that at least 24 hours before abortions, patients must be ``orally informed'' by a doctor about the procedure, abortion opponents say the tapes do not comply with the spirit of the law.
CBS made a deal with Alliance Communications before it knew it was going to have a need for fare that appeals to women on Sunday afternoons.
But it will be several weeks before the network decides whether it has really achieved its ultimate goal: creating an all-new area for programming.
CBS made a deal with Alliance Communications before it knew it was going to have a need for fare that appeals to women on Sunday afternoons.
But it will be several weeks before the network decides whether it has really achieved its ultimate goal: creating an all-new area for programming.
Investors, he added, must find potentially winning issues ``by doing their own homework before making a buying decision.'' An unfollowed stock approved of by Susan Robbins, a portfolio manager with Baron Capital Management, is Vitalink Pharmacy Services of Naperville, Ill.
Once the decision was made not to administer the coup de grace -- which had been dealt once before, in 1972, ending Life's 36-year tenure as a weekly magazine -- plans were made to plump up the magazine editorially while making its business operations leaner and more profitable.
``Say you wanted to know everything edited before today,'' Sigmond said.
REPORTER'S NOTEBOOK: GOP WINNING BATTLE AGAINST FAST ACTION ON HEALTH WASHINGTON  (BC-COX-HEALTH-UPDATE-360&add-COX) With only 10 legislative days left before the Oct.
A lame-duck session in November or December would be the most controversial option, because opponents could complain that it's not fair to act before newly elected legislators take office in January.
People ``think this is an English-language school,'' Takeshi Watanabe, a student, said as he stood in the asphalt yard of the nearly deserted campus shortly before it was shut down in August.
While neither official was willing to discuss interest rate policy, their views suggested that they might be inclined to wait before raising rates again.
Federal Reserve officials are barred from granting interviews on the economy and monetary policy for a week before or after a meeting of the Federal Open Market Committee.
Paul-Victor Winters, who describes himself as a ``shy guy'' of 22, recited a rich, lyrical poem of family relations, seemingly oblivious to the fact that the lawn before him at the festival was empty on Thursday afternoon.
Goodenow's hockey union could have forced a showdown last spring, when its leverage was at its strongest, just before the Stanley Cup playoffs, when teams make their biggest profits.
Bettman forbade players to wear union shirts and hats around team facilities, and their biggest sign of defiance thus far has been the ``NHLPA'' on their hats and shirts, along with ceremonial handshakes of solidarity among opposing players before exhibition games.
Jeff Beukeboom of the New York Rangers said a majority of players might have voted to walk out before camp when Bettman announced the cutbacks, but ``cooler heads prevailed.'' One of them belongs to Mike Liut, a former NHL goalie who is a member of the union's bargaining committee and is now a student at the Detroit College of Law.
As they say in hockey before the fights start, the boys are getting chippy and are ready to drop the gloves.
The Council will say no, and the U.S. is unlikely to act unilaterally before at least next spring.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Baseball players, like owners, naturally hope to resolve the dispute before the end of 1994.
``There's a tendency to encourage people to think it's all over so that Christian Democratic voters will stay at home on election day,'' he told reporters before the rally.
Volcker, the Fed chairman before Greenspan, said that while the extent of any actual difference of opinion was not clear to him, the current controversy underlined the risks for a vice chairman who speaks out.
A resumption of the U.N. relief effort, involving the arrival of several flights a day carrying food, is not expected before Wednesday.
Pepsico, which began selling in Russia nearly 30 years before Coke, is estimated to have sold about twice as much.
But early evidence suggests that the creation of the food markets could be more promising as a means to ease some of the social and political tensions that have flourished in what the government euphemistically calls a ``Special Period in Time of Peace.'' In at least some areas, black-market vendors have rushed to sell their produce before an expected drop in prices, quickening their fall.
Onelia Larrainaga, 72, a fragile-looking retired port worker whose deeply creased, black face occasionally finds her work as an extra on Cuban films, had taken a slow train in from Havana the night before and slept overnight in the town square.
4, rising to more than $400 an ounce before falling back to $396.10.
The chairman of the Federal Reserve, Alan Greenspan, in his semiannual testimony before Congress early this year, showed unusual enthusiasm for using gold prices as a guide to monetary policy, which in turn led the financial markets to focus more closely on those prices.
Though a juvenile at the time, Capriati's celebrity status seemed to outweigh her legal right to confidentiality; her case wound up being dismissed, but not before a worldwide blitz from the media, most of which presumed her guilty, sent her even deeper into her shell.
``Dinner's ready.'' ``After this play, Mom.'' Stewart, who possessed two dozen Colorado records before the start of this senior season, suddenly became this generation's Doug Flutie.
For example, defense lawyers argued last week that the police waited nearly 10 hours before calling the country coroner's office.
But before you could say ``Dan Marino drops back,'' the Dolphins had scored 22 unanswered points -- two Marino touchdown passes and a 2-point conversion in the third quarter and another touchdown early in the fourth quarter -- to tie the score.
Moon had seen this before when he was with the Houston Oilers and they took a 35-3 halftime lead against the Bills a 1993 playoff game only to see Buffalo storm back and win, 41-38.
The Vikings (3-1) went on to score a 38-35 victory before a capacity crowd of 64,035 at the Metrodome.
``We have clients.'' When Stevens and his colleagues met the week before Labor Day to conceptualize the advertisement, they gathered around small screens, watching hours of film that their photographer took of Ridge over two days on the campaign trail, searching for snippets that could form the nucleus of the spot.
Though a juvenile at the time, Capriati's celebrity status seemed to outweigh her legal right to confidentiality; her case wound up being dismissed, but not before a worldwide blitz from the media, most of which presumed her guilty, sent her even deeper into her shell.
Cable television companies had won provisions that would have required telephone companies to give up at least some market share before they entered the television market.
Likewise, long-distance carriers had negotiated a rigorous set of requirements that forced the regional phone companies to make scores of costly concessions to aspiring rivals before being freed to offer long-distance service.
The cable television industry has cash flow -- profits before taxes and depreciation -- of $10 billion.
Another would have required state regulators to adopt a form of price regulation, or ``price caps,'' an issue that had not come to the surface until a few weeks before.
At other times, open receivers allowed balls to hit them in the hands before they dropped them.
15 to lift the arms embargo on the Bosnian government; if so, the Council will say no, and the U.S. is unlikely to act unilaterally before at least next spring.
Mario Cuomo, the onetime rival whom he now praised as ``the heart that you must not lose.'' Clinton, in town for political fund-raising and meetings with international leaders before a speech at the United Nations on Monday, took his sermon from an epigraph by the prophet Isaiah printed on the cover of the program at the Bethel African Methodist Episcopal Church: ``They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings as eagles.'' ``But I want to talk to you about the rest of the verse,'' added the president, an old Sunday school regular who entered the venerable church -- once a stop on the Underground Railroad -- with a Bible under his arm.
``So you can imagine how disappointed they are and how all their plans have sadly become unraveled.'' ``We had to cancel all the buses that were going to take them to the stadium,'' he said before donning his green-and-gold vestments for the 11 a.m. Mass.
``There's no dearth of candidates asking for his assistance,'' Don Foley, the executive director of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, said at Clinton's Kansas City stop, before perhaps 300 people in a plush hotel room distinguished by an ice sculpture of a buxom mermaid.
``We also want the Council to know how successful smoke-free policies have been in other cities.'' Vallone, who smoked a pack of cigarettes a day before quitting 15 years ago, said his campaign to ban smoking has been inspired by medical studies on the dangers of secondhand smoke.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Ms. Frank said the promotion was discussed with several recording companies, before settling on EMI.
But the U.S. Marines in Cap-Haitien did not stop the looting and pillaging of the police headquarters; more than 45 minutes lapsed before Marines arrived at the headquarters, where crowds crammed through the barracks grabbing everything from electrical fuse boxes to wooden benches to tubas.
Diyl, also in the country two years, spent two nights in a precinct cell before he was arraigned, sentenced to a day in community service, and released.
Stanley Aronowitz, a professor of sociology at the City University of New York Graduate Center and author of several books on labor relations, was among several experts who predicted that well before the new four-year contract for private hospitals expires, those hospitals could well face a similar situation.
Additionally, more than 4,000 babies die each year before their first birthday, and California's infant mortality rate is 7.5 deaths per per 1,000 births, the report said.
The Oilers escaped with a 20-13 victory before 44,253 fans who spent much of the afternoon booing an awful offense and cheering an awesome defense.
It was a freaky game in which the Oilers lost several players, including running back Gary Brown (twisted ankle), who rushed for 87 yards on 19 carries before giving way to Lorenzo White, who added 42 yards on 15 carries.
If anybody on this team thinks what happened today is good, he should watch the replay.'' The Oilers have an extra day of work before they play at Pittsburgh on Monday night.
On the Bengals' next possession, Klingler threw a long pass to Tim McGee, and Bishop took it away from him for an interception before the receiver hit the ground.
The Bengals made it interesting early in the fourth quarter when Sawyer fielded Camarillo's 32-yard punt and started to his right before cutting back to his left and racing down the sideline for an easy touchdown to make it 20-10.
There he was, as in the days before facemasks, all hunched over, blood gushing from his schnoz.
Facing fourth-and-3 at the San Diego 6 with less than a minute left before intermission, Shell decided to forgo attempting a field goal, instead having Harvey Williams run off left tackle behind linemen Gerald Perry and Steve Wisniewski.
He stayed down for about three minutes before walking off.
Their prime-time record before Sunday night was 11-22 -- including 9-16 on Monday nights.
Also gone from the Jets is quarterback Browning Nagle, the 1991 second-rounder who was tossed into a starter's role in 1992 by Coslet before he was ready.
NEW ROUND IN MESSIER TALKS NEW YORK  (BC-HKN-RANGERS-MESSIER-NYT) With less than a week to go before the scheduled start of the season, Rangers President Neil Smith and Doug Messier, Mark Messier's father and agent, will sit down face to face on Monday and try to work out a contract agreement for the team's holdout captain.
So I caught up to her, and got to the finish line before her.'' With six triathlons across the country (New York's was the last stop for 1994), the series provides a chance for female athletes to surmount another challenge.
``She tried something she has never done before.
He plans to play Stockholm, Vienna and Paris before the end of the year, then make his first trip to the Australian Open, where the hardcourts and the heat should suit his game perfectly.
``(Stockholm) is very important to me,'' he told a Swedish reporter at the Forum, ``because right now I want to get my ranking back to the top five, hopefully before the Australian Open.
The Marines did not stop the looting and pillaging of the main police headquarters and more than 45 minutes lapsed before American troops arrived at the military headquarters.
Ross wasn't shy about reeling off the the Chargers' problems: center Courtney Hall and H-back Alfred Pupunu out before the game; Pupunu's replacement, Deems May, playing with a stress fracture; linebacker David Griggs, cornerback Sean Vanhorse and running back Eric Bieniemy hurt during the game, and defensive tackle Rueben Davis' first-half ejection after an altercation with Raiders lineman Steve Wisniewski.
``We were hurting, but we hung in with the personnel we had and we found a new way to win.'' This new way turned out to be with a quarterback who only minutes before looked like he might be out for the season.
But Humphries, who kept to himself his early-season shoulder problems last year, avoided the trainers on the sidelines, and when the Chargers got the ball back for one final drive, he was back on the field before anybody could stop him.
Ross said he briefly considered going for the field goal before the play but didn't want to give the Raiders the ball back.
And with a chance to heal during next week's bye before a first-place showdown in San Diego with the Chiefs (3-1), their future looks very bright.
Their prime-time record before tonight was 11-22 -- including 9-16 on Monday nights.
At Rice, he started all 44 games and he had an 83-game NFL string going before Sunday's game.
At Chicago's new United Center, which also houses the National Basketball Association's Bulls, the Blackhawks sold out 207 luxury boxes before they opened the doors.
``I've been asking (offensive coordinator) Larry Kennan to make that call for the past three weeks.'' Junkin had only six touchdowns in his career before Sunday.
No. 7 came well before it was clear that Pittsburgh quarterback Neil O'Donnell was not capable of carrying out Chinese food, let alone the Steelers' game plan.
Pressbox speculation suggested that the Kingdome repairs might be finished before the ball came down in the hands of Rufus Porter, a Seahawk linebacker who was perhaps significantly older at the end of the play than when it began.
After the two-minute warning before halftime, the teams were seemingly waiting for the next play.
Suddenly, Chris Gedney, the Bears' snapper, flipped the ball underhand to Robert Green, and he ran 6 yards for an apparent first down before the Jets reacted and pulled him down.
At Rice, he started all 44 games and he had an 83-game NFL string going before Sunday's game.
At Rice, he started all 44 games and he had an 83-game NFL string going before Sunday's game.
But he wasn't sharp in the 28-14 loss in Miami, and on Sunday night he had completed 11 of 20 for 112 yards in the Jets' sputtering offense before he was sacked from behind by defensive end Albert Fontenot.
The political organism's biology compels it always to do what it has always done before.
Nevertheless, Ms. Myers has been the face and voice of the Clinton Administration for millions of Americans, giving this President a public profile different, more diverse than any before.
Pope John Paul II was ranked as an outsider before his own election in 1978.
``And there still exists one of the most constant beliefs of the Vatican, according to which the pope enjoys the best possible health until the moment before he dies.'' Yet, the writer said, these days the question, ``How is the pope?'' is quickly followed by another, ``Who could be elected?'' 
That isn't good enough.'' Installing an interactive system on airplanes requires not only installing video screens at each seat, according to Robert Ernst, director of on-board services planning for United Airlines, but also ``integrating some 2,000 individual electronic boxes into each airplane.'' That task, he said, is comparable ``to putting a phone, a personal computer and a television at every seat on an airplane, something that had never been attempted before.'' Hughes-Avicom is deactivating the Northwest system, which was installed at a cost of about $1.5 million for each plane, and reinstalling noninteractive systems that supply only movies and music.
15 to lift the arms embargo on the Bosnian government; if so, the Council will say no, and the U.S. is unlikely to act unilaterally before at least next spring.
CBS made a deal with Alliance Communications before it knew it was going to have a need for fare that appeals to women on Sunday afternoons.
But it will be several weeks before the network decides whether it has really achieved its ultimate goal: creating an all-new area for programming.
CBS made a deal with Alliance Communications before it knew it was going to have a need for fare that appeals to women on Sunday afternoons.
But it will be several weeks before the network decides whether it has really achieved its ultimate goal: creating an all-new area for programming.
Once the decision was made not to administer the coup de grace -- which had been dealt once before, in 1972, ending Life's 36-year tenure as a weekly magazine -- plans were made to plump up the magazine editorially while making its business operations leaner and more profitable.
``We have clients.'' When Stevens and his colleagues met the week before Labor Day to conceptualize the advertisement, they gathered around small screens, watching hours of film that their photographer took of Ridge over two days on the campaign trail, searching for snippets that could form the nucleus of the spot.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Ms. Frank said the promotion was discussed with several recording companies, before settling on EMI.
But there are differences in the accounts that you should consider before making the shift.
Ten-year averaging, which allows you to pay tax on a lump sum as if it were received over 10 years, is available only to taxpayers born before 1936.
Check with your accountant before making the change.
After Yuspeh charged stock churning and abusive sales practices before a securities arbitration panel last spring, Stratton of Lake Success, N.Y., was ordered to repay nearly $50,000 of his more than $70,000 in losses.
In a settlement with the agency last February, just days before the three-year-old complaint was to go to court, Stratton agreed to pay about $2 million to investors and $500,000 more in fines.
People ``think this is an English-language school,'' Takeshi Watanabe, a student, said as he stood in the asphalt yard of the nearly deserted campus shortly before it was shut down in August.
Paul-Victor Winters, who describes himself as a ``shy guy'' of 22, recited a rich, lyrical poem of family relations, seemingly oblivious to the fact that the lawn before him at the festival was empty on Thursday afternoon.
Soviet Premier Joseph Stalin's behavior before, during and after the revolt is a harbinger of his further schemes to put post-war Eastern Europe under communist control.
The vine arrived in late May and was in the ground next to our tulip tree before you could say Schizophragma hydrangeoides.
Written before the players' strike, it seems sharply out of sync with the hour.
``How rich do the rich have to get before they're satisfied?'' Peaden said when an Atlanta Journal-Constitution reporter asked his thoughts on the strike-shortened season.
And this was before mediocre players were becoming millionaires.
Most people wait until they see that the cat is already on the counter before they scold it.
To punish this wild and crazy behavior, simply start ringing the door bell before you enter your own front door.
``I didn't think about it that much before the game, but now that we've done it, yeah, it's pretty satisfying,'' said Mike Kenn, who will retire at season's end with a 1-and-forever record on the road against the Beltway Insiders.
``To win at a place we never had before.
While neither official was willing to discuss interest rate policy, their views suggested that they might be inclined to wait before raising rates again.
Federal Reserve officials are barred from granting interviews on the economy and monetary policy for a week before or after a meeting of the Federal Open Market Committee.
Long before the advent of AIDS, tuberculosis was the most pressing health crisis of the 20th century.
But there are differences in the accounts that you should consider before making the shift.
Ten-year averaging, which allows you to pay tax on a lump sum as if it were received over 10 years, is available only to taxpayers born before 1936.
Check with your accountant before making the change.
After Yuspeh charged stock churning and abusive sales practices before a securities arbitration panel last spring, Stratton of Lake Success, N.Y., was ordered to repay nearly $50,000 of his more than $70,000 in losses.
In a settlement with the agency last February, just days before the three-year-old complaint was to go to court, Stratton agreed to pay about $2 million to investors and $500,000 more in fines.
It is all the stranger, then, that at the age of 77, ailing with prostate cancer and barely seven months before leaving office, Mitterrand should have placed himself at the center of an unparalleled debate about France's wartime past.
Some Haitians are convinced that the United States is pursuing a Trojan Horse strategy, waiting until all its 14,000 troops are here before it comes down hard on the military.
The United States has been down this road before, of course.
Grant wasn't big and powerful looking; he was 40 before his hitting prowess was publicly acknowledged.
One hundred and one years passed before Atlanta became major league, 128 until Miami did.
Fifty percent of these babies are conceived either before marriage or with someone other than the mother's husband.'' (Kinzer, N.S. ``Soapy Sin in the Afternoon,'' Psychology Today)''.
And, ironically, the debate leads back to many of the issues raised by Lani Guinier, President Clinton's short-lived nominee to head the Justice Department's Civil Rights division, whose name was withdrawn before her ideas even received a formal hearing.
They note that the districts were largely accepted by both politicians and voters before the Shaw ruling.
Political analysts say it was the need to protect incumbents that most defined the districts' odd configurations, and that race was a factor in political gerrymandering long before the gerrymandering was done to help elect blacks.
Researchers from the University of Washington and Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle, using a tumor registry, were able to identify clinic participants who developed ovarian cancers before 1992.
He had never failed before -- the way I was for a large part of my life.'' Besides a brief appearance during the campaign helping Carter build a home for Habitat for Humanity, the Clintons pretty much avoided the Carters.
``My message is going to be, `You've heard people talk a good game before, but I've delivered.''' Hutchison said she plans to begin television advertising during the first week of October.
She instead supported a GOP proposal that would assure coverage to people with conditions that existed before policies were issued and make plans portable from job to job.
But surely everyone, even the woman in the waiting room, has read by now that jobs for today's -- and last year's and the couple of years before that -- graduates are scarce.
``My message is going to be, `You've heard people talk a good game before, but I've delivered.''' Hutchison said she plans to begin television advertising during the first week of October.
She instead supported a GOP proposal that would assure coverage to people with conditions that existed before policies were issued and make plans portable from job to job.
Carter did not even take umbrage, although rightly he might have, when CNN's Bernard Shaw smugly produced what he called a ``transcript'' of a supposedly private telephone conversation that the former chief executive had conducted from Air Force One only hours before.
Connally and others who talked with the Iraqi strongman before our massive military exercise came away convinced that Saddam was eager for a face-saving way to extricate his army and avoid the bloody showdown.
Clinton sent him after, rather than before, a presidential address announcing that diplomacy had been exhausted and that invasion was inevitable.
Clinton sent him after, rather than before, a presidential address announcing that diplomacy had been exhausted and that invasion was inevitable.
It also betrays a crass irresponsibility and lack of judgment that should make sensible statesmen hesitate long and hard before deploying him again as a freelance peacemaker.
Carter did not even take umbrage, although rightly he might have, when CNN's Bernard Shaw smugly produced what he called a ``transcript'' of a supposedly private telephone conversation that the former chief executive had conducted from Air Force One only hours before.
Connally and others who talked with the Iraqi strongman before our massive military exercise came away convinced that Saddam was eager for a face-saving way to extricate his army and avoid the bloody showdown.
It also betrays a crass irresponsibility and lack of judgment that should make sensible statesmen hesitate long and hard before deploying him again as a freelance peacemaker.
It also betrays a crass irresponsibility and lack of judgment that should make sensible statesmen hesitate long and hard before deploying him again as a freelance peacemaker.
But Gbeho exudes optimism: ``There is a better promise of peace than before,'' he says.
But Gbeho exudes optimism: ``There is a better promise of peace than before,'' he says.
It's happened before at the Sorbonne, a university that dates back to the 1200s and which served as the model for Cambridge and Oxford.
But surely everyone, even the woman in the waiting room, has read by now that jobs for today's -- and last year's and the couple of years before that -- graduates are scarce.
She made 60 separate changes to the measure before it was finally passed.
She made 60 separate changes to the measure before it was finally passed.
She made 60 separate changes to the measure before it was finally passed.
The Poopets, which come in 25 different animal shapes, age to a gray, stone-like texture before they completely decompose.
``I'm thrilled I don't have to live the way I was living before, so full of fear.'' Her treatment includes medications she may have to continue for years, but that doesn't bother Leyden.
``No one had done that before,'' he said, noting that the researchers have also provided a ``more precise and explicit statement'' about the time lag between habitat fragmentation and extinction.
It's hard for people who were kids before computers to know whether the electronic version is more fun or less than all those game pieces we used to have.
Adelies breed in the Antarctic spring on densely populated rocky rookeries, and before the summer sun sets in March, at the beginning of the long winter night, the chicks are mature enough to look after themselves.
It is something that occurs within the life of the host plant, so it's an example of evolution almost right before our eyes.'' Dr. Sharon Y.
These tiny creatures often move just inches from their mother before they attach themselves to the same pine needle or a neighboring one, remaining in the same position for their entire lives.
It was written long before Lovett ever imagined he'd wind up married to a movie star.
``I Think You Know What I Mean'' opens with a friendly walking bass before shifting into a haunting minor-key melody.
Saxon Publishing provides a long list of schools that use the books, with accolades from the teachers and impressive before-and-after statistics about Scholastic Assessment Test scores, enrollments in advanced math, physics and chemistry and other data.
	The importance of these negotiations are that they represent a determined effort by both sides to achieve a visible diplomatic advance before Clinton is scheduled to meet Chinese President Jiang Zemin at the informal leadership meeting of Asian Pacific nations to be held in Jakarta in November.
A second mob Sunday night beat a suspected Haitian military sympathizer before handing him over to American troops.
A half hour before sunset, the fish started biting.
305.7 million dlrs the year before.
``But here was an opportunity to try a role like I'd never played before, and it was offered me just about the time I was feeling a need for a stretch.
``I'd been feeling a need to get back to -- to that old feeling of having climbed a little too high up on the tree -- of skating out onto the ice before it's frozen solid enough,'' Streep said.
It just kind of happened, and we were into it up to our ears before we gave it much thought.
``Without process of law'' (leading to due process) made its debut in a political song before 1325, and Shakespearean analysts have long processed how in ``Hamlet'' Polonius tells King Claudius, ``Behind the arras I'll convey myself/To hear the process.'' A later verb sense of ``to treat or handle by procedure'' led to the modern sense of developing pictures as film processing.
The importance of these negotiations are that they represent a determined effort by both sides to achieve a visible diplomatic advance before Clinton is scheduled to meet the Chinese president, Jiang Zemin, at the informal leadership meeting of Asian Pacific nations to be held in Jakarta in November.
She has laid out her own and her husband's clothes the night before, a practice that makes Dr. Holmes joke that living with her is like going to camp.
``There probably will be a woman president before there is a woman chief of surgery at a major medical school,'' she said.
1965 (20 years before Sally Ride) 5.
 (BC-LEAH-PERSONALS-SFCHRON) ``I wish someone had told me that,'' said the president, ``before I showed up with a neutered cat.'' 	Now that a few women have macheted their way through the political jungle and into the Senate, will traditional back-slapping be replaced?
 (BC-LEAH-PERSONALS-SFCHRON) ``I wish someone had told me that,'' said the president, ``before I showed up with a neutered cat.'' 	Now that a few women have macheted their way through the political jungle and into the Senate, will traditional back-slapping be replaced?
If something isn't done to stop this feminism before it's too late, this country's going to see Jimmy Carter sending his wife Rosalynn out to do the job next time he wants to stop America from doing the manly thing to these two-bit dictators.
You know it, I know it, the country knows it, the media know it: The media must be stopped before it's too late.
Ervin, who played two years at State Fair Community College in Sedalia, Mo., before coming to Baylor, has enrolled this semester at the University of Central Oklahoma, an NCAA Division II school.
Ervin said he was interviewed by the FBI and later appeared before a federal grand jury in Waco that is hearing testimony in the case.
``We now have reason to think the coaches faxed the typed copy to us before he (Ervin) had ever seen it,'' he said.
The strategy is designed to leave Cedras so isolated when he surrenders power on or before Oct.
The president, speaking Monday before the U.N. General Assembly in New York, announced unilateral suspension of economic penalties targeting Haiti's elite ``in the spirit of reconciliation and reconstruction.'' Clinton's announcement followed an appeal on Sunday by Haitian President Jean-Bertrand Aristide for the United States and U.N. Security Council to begin lifting sanctions, while leaving some measures in place until his scheduled restoration by Oct.
The lawyers also concluded that the Carter-Cedras accord doesn't require that international sanctions be lifted before Cedras' promised Oct.
But something has been lost in recent years, since football and basketball players regularly began leaving college before their class had been graduated.
American accessory designers, led by the jewelry designer Robert Lee Morris, staged a small uprising before the European fashion shows, taking the magazine to task for ignoring handbags, shoes, scarfs and jewelry in favor of stark, minimalist layouts.
Schwartz flew his first 20 missions -- airmen needed 35 before being rotated home.
Later, he served as a policeman in New Jersey and a corrections officer in Pennsylvania, before joining the Army Reserve in 1990, hoping to earn college tuition but instead earning a 1991 trip to the Persian Gulf with the 402nd military police.
``I was not aware of how deep the relationship was before I got here four years ago, and I must admit I was not prepared for it.
In both cases, a small squad of terrorists journeyed to Argentina from the Mideast, stopping off in different countries before the last leg to Argentina.
``The first drive went so easily with the throwing game that I think we got into a mode that we could do that the next time and the next time, and before you know it we ran the ball only six times in the first half,'' Carroll explained Monday.
It was dated a month before the public offering.
Corporate insiders won by selling stock at the right time -- sometimes just before damaging news hit the market.
Cash-rich institutions and mutual funds, such as Fidelity Investments, won by having access to shares before individual investors, buying stock at low prices.
``The company was in very good shape before the IPO,'' he said.
Shortly before the IPO, when he took a 40 percent pay cut, Sam Edelman was making more than $1 million a year in salary -- a huge sum for a relatively small company.
It came last season, when Penn and Princeton met in the the game for the Ivy championship before more than 36,000 fans at Franklin Field.
Elias, now with the Giants, was quoted before the game as saying that half the Penn players could not meet the Princeton entrance requirements, which was not an original thought with Princetonians, going back to the beginning of the rivalary in 1876.
The rule -- a receiver can't be touched beyond 5 yards of the line of scrimmage before he has caught the ball -- has always been there.
The Giants have responded by telling their players to move closer to the line to try to jar a receiver off his pattern before breaking into the open where he can't be touched.
But the company still faces doubters on Wall Street who expect the stock to run out of steam long before it breaks $40 unless the entire stock market takes off, pulling Helene Curtis and its rivals along for the ride.
But even before the stock topped $30 during this summer's climb, Andrew Shore of Paine Webber was warning that the shares were no bargain when their price was compared to operating cash flow or earnings per share.
But, all pretensions aside, Duritz is a fine, expressive singer who was at his emotive best on the subtle ``Perfect Blue Buildings'' and the unrecorded show-closer that may be titled ``Goodnight Elizabeth.'' The Crows -- whose new drummer seemed a bit tentative in places -- also opened with an unrecorded number before the familiar guitar introduction of ``Mr. Jones'' rang through the house.
And, flawed or not, it would accomplish Ito's goal of making those in the media hesitate before reporting a story that could jeopardize Simpson's right to a fair trial.
It would at least make reporters -- especially those of the TV and tabloid persuasion -- think twice before going on the air or in print with a story they weren't absolutely certain was true.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Mayoral results in Monterrey were brought before state election officials, who agreed that enough irregularities had taken place to annul the votes in 42 of the 121 polling places where there were accusations of serious oversights and missing documents.
Nextel Communications, the wireless telephone company, established an intraday 52-week low of 20|, before closing down 1}, to 20~.
Some bond holders in Marriott contended that Marriott should have told them of a reorganizationplan before they bought the bonds.
LIFE AT THE COURTHOUSE  (BC-SIMPSON-MEDIA-TVCOLUMN-LADN) Editors: Can be used with related story ROSENTHAL-COLUMN-SIMPSON Just before 9 a.m., one member of the pack moved and, suddenly, dozens of bodies sprang to life -- their cameras, lights and cords flailing to capture ...
If there was ever any question about it before, there no longer is: Television news is a sick little puppy.
It would take several days to lift the ban on most financial transactions with Haiti, and at least a week or two before scheduled flights are resumed to Port-au-Prince, they said.
Tim Smith, a spokesman for American Airlines, the American carrier that traditionally had scheduled flights to Haiti, said his airline would also wait for a green light from the Federal Aviation Administration before it resumed its flights.
Smith said it would be at least several more weeks before American Airlines resumed its flights to and from Haiti.
In a recent interview at what used to be called Playboy Mansion West (before the corporation divested itself of the original Playboy Mansion in Chicago), Hefner discussed his life, work and the central role jazz has played in both.
A lot of people who inspired me when I was a kid were gone even before I did the first festival in 1959 in Chicago.'' Hefner has been sponsoring jazz festivals at the Bowl for years now.
``I was born and raised in the swing era, the big band era, but even before I got out of high school, I had discovered Billie Holliday, and early (Bing) Crosby and Bix Beiderbecke, and the recorded sounds that came before the big band era, which were Dixieland, blues and boogie-woogie.
Where does he get off, many would ask, and he has a witty if spiteful answer: ``Somewhere before they do.
Eroded from above by the slicks and below by its pulpier imitators, Playboy had fallen on relatively hard times before the end of the Cold War opened up the international market.
He thinks anyone whose drug-induced visions resembled Blake's imaginary landscapes with mythological beings of his own invention probably had seen the illustrations before they took the drugs.
``The strategic location makes it one of the most ideal locations in the port, and to not have it open is just mind-boggling,'' said Ragucci, who managed the terminal for United States Lines before it went bankrupt.
Never before has a nonfamily member run the daily operations of McDonnell Douglas or its predecessors.
In a triumph of marketing, Warner-Lambert multiplied the sales of the antihistamine Benadryl tenfold in nine years to an estimated $155 million this year, up from $14 million in the 12 months before nonprescription Benadryl was introduced in 1985.
``I've never heard anything,'' he said, when asked about the praise before Monday night's exhibition game against the Islanders at Madison Square Garden.
27: The Senate majority leader, George Mitchell, buried health care reform Monday, asserting that it would be impossible to pass even a scaled-back bill in the days before Congress breaks for elections.
Is it only a matter of time before ego clashes with tradition?
And a wide array of New Yorkers -- and even people from other cities -- descended on City Hall in droves to testify before the Council's Health Committee, from the powerful tobacco industry, restaurant owners and surgeons to ministers, public officials and a beauty queen.
Many used their time before the committee to engage in tirades in general terms about their opposition or support of antismoking measures.
But the sheer volume of people who came to testify -- more than 150 witnesses -- meant that it will be some time before a vote will occur.
Jay Schroeder, the No. 3 quarterback who was cut by the Cincinnati Bengals before the season and signed by the Cardinals, is in the on-deck circle.
Ryan mentioned Simms before contacting the former quarterback, or Fishoff, to see whether Simms would be interested in joining the Cardinals and how much it would cost to sign him.
Family members say that they have been attacked before: a Molotov cocktail was thrown through a window shortly after they moved into their row house 18 months ago and windows have been smashed.
``One of the things that I expect from my safety manager is taking a little time to know the background before drawing a line in the sand,'' he said.
Clinton has spoken in tough terms about Bosnia before, only to defer to opposition from American allies and qualms among U.N. commanders.
The blame game for the demise of health care began even before Mitchell gave the official eulogy.
But Democrats said Republicans refused to back even a compromise plan developed by some within their own party to deny Clinton and his party a legislative victory before midterm elections.
It is a question of more than academic interest six weeks before Election Day, with the voters in a surly mood, angry with Congress and with incumbents in general.
He raised enormous expectations when he stood before Congress almost exactly a year ago, promising a vast new benefit to America's middle class, urging the nation to believe that the federal government could, once again, step up to the challenge of creating big new domestic programs.
MITCHELL SAYS HEALTH CARE BILL IS DEAD THIS YEAR WASHINGTON  (BC-HEALTHCARE-CONGRESS-ART-580&ADD(2TAKES)-NYT) National health insurance legislation, President Clinton's grandest legislative goal and the dominating issue before Congress all year, officially died on Monday.
In the others, the judge said, ``he aided and abetted or was a member of the conspiracy.'' Gravano made no statement before being sentenced Monday for his guilty plea to murder and racketeering charges, but he did not have to, since a U.S. prosecutor had just made a plea on his behalf that was no less intense than that voiced by Gravano's own lawyer.
SEARCH FOR SIMPSON TRIAL JURORS BEGINS LOS ANGELES  (BC-SIMPSON-TRIAL-490(2TAKES)-NYT) The laborious process of finding 12 citizens who can try O.J. Simpson fairly and impartially on murder charges, despite the torrent of fact, rumor and falsehood that has inundated them over the last three months, began Monday before Judge Lance A.
It became aware to me that certain select accounts on the Street knew of what Montgomery was doing -- before the rest of the world,'' he said.
Testifying before the City Council, HRA Commissioner Marva Hammons said her agency had been unable to fill key positions and would not be able to meet new state and federal mandates to move welfare recipients into job training.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) The committee, however, released its own study of the agency and found that caseloads were already soaring in the fiscal year that ended in June, even before the newest staff reductions.
``There is a good market opportunity for a health plan that respects the physician-patient relationship and places quality patient care before profits.'' The plan could be introduced as early as 1996, subject to approval by state regulators, Bangasser said.
A second mob beat a suspected sympathizer of the Haitian military last night before handing him over to U.S. troops.
Crowds who cheered the same patrols earlier in the week, before marines killed 10 Haitian security troops in a firefight, looked on in quiet respect.
	(NYT19) KUTZTOWN, Pa. -- September 26, 1994 -- FBC-KUZTOWN-2, 9-26 -- Chuck Roseberry, a 46-year-old grandfather, stretches before one of his college football practices.
Shortly before it was closed, its asphalt yard was almost deserted.
	(NYT19) KUTZTOWN, Pa. -- September 26, 1994 -- FBC-KUZTOWN-2, 9-26 -- Chuck Roseberry, a 46-year-old grandfather, stretches before one of his college football practices.
Shortly before it was closed, its asphalt yard was almost deserted.
	(NYT19) KUTZTOWN, Pa. -- September 26, 1994 -- FBC-KUZTOWN-2, 9-26 -- Chuck Roseberry, a 46-year-old grandfather, stretches before one of his college football practices.
Shortly before it was closed, its asphalt yard was almost deserted.
The union contends that the approval of the state Legislature is required to repeal, enact or amend civil service, public housing and administrative statutes before the merger can go forward.
``I don't think I want to kiss anything for a long time.'' The winning contestant stood with lips attached to the passenger-side bed railing of a white truck for a total of 51 hours and 47 minutes before pulling away at 9:46 p.m. Sunday.
``The good news,'' said Trudeau, ``is I've been here before.'' Extra Points One other Jet also is out: Back-up fullback Richie Anderson dislocated an index finger when, angry over what he believed was a late hit on teammate Adrian Murrell, punched the Bears' Maurice Douglass in the head.
Ashe was born in Richmond in 1943, four years before Jackie Robinson tore down the color barrier in major league baseball.
Even before this election, the Swedes had 33 percent.
She said her father had come to New York from Puerto Rico as a boy, had worked in the construction industry before his health forced him to subsist on Social Security benefits, and had remarried after his first wife had died.
It's a worldwide media event that has had a substantial amount of evidence tainted by newspaper, magazine and television exposure even before the trial begins.
It's a worldwide media event that has had a substantial amount of evidence tainted by newspaper, magazine and television exposure even before the trial begins.
Even if he does, he might decide to tune up with a former sparring partner or two before taking on an immensely popular and world-renowned opponent like Oliver McCall.
``I'm just trying to fix our train before I worry about the other guy,'' UCLA coach Terry Donahue said Monday of his team's game against the 12th-ranked Huskies on Saturday in Seattle.
The coaching staff would take this week for evaluation before making any decisions.
Quinn, who also was wooed by the Senators and Florida Panthers, signed with the Kings three days before training camp opened, but he remains bitter about the Minnesota ordeal.
I mean, (the police) held a press conference (to announce his arrest) before they even talked to me about it.
Just moments before he faced potential jurors for the first time, Simpson, dressed in a blue suit, sat at a defense table, quietly humming and singing the words, ``A new day has begun.'' Upon his introduction, Simpson stood up and said ``Good afternoon.'' Some legal experts had speculated that people would be eager to serve on the Simpson murder case, given its soap-opera like appeal, the idea of being part of the ``case of the century,'' and its surrounding media frenzy.
-- A bill by Assemblywoman Deirdre Alpert, D-San Diego, requiring a hearing before a person charged with domestic violence can be released on his or her own recognizance.
22, but Reed said afterward that he expected Houston's case to be transferred to the same judge who handled McNall vice president Joanna Orehek's case last month, which would allow a guilty plea to be entered long before the trial date.
Here are some previous informers: Joseph Valachi: The first person to admit belonging to a crime family; he revealed in 1963 before a U.S. Senate committee that the Mafia's true name was La Cosa Nostra, ``Our Thing.'' Tommaso Buscetta: A member of the Sicilian Mafia, he joined the Federal Witness Protection Program in 1983 after seven relatives were killed in a civil war in Sicily; helped convict 500 mob figures.
Peter Chiodo: Nicknamed Big Pete for his 500-pound frame; a captain in the Lucchese family, he was almost killed during an internal war in 1991, two years before he testified against the leader, Anthony Casso; entered Witness Protection Program.
He signed with the Royals as a free agent before the 1989 season.
Just moments before he faced potential jurors for the first time, Simpson, dressed in a blue suit, sat at a defense table, quietly humming and singing the words, ``A new day has begun.'' Upon his introduction, Simpson stood up and said ``Good afternoon.'' Some legal experts had speculated that people would be eager to serve on the Simpson murder case, given its soap-opera like appeal, the idea of being part of the ``case of the century,'' and its surrounding media frenzy.
The contributions were made at a time when Burke's company had business pending before the council, FPPC officials said.
``I was not aware of how deep the relationship was before I got here four years ago, and I must admit I was not prepared for it.
``No one had done that before,'' he said, noting that the researchers have also provided a ``more precise and explicit statement'' about the time lag between habitat fragmentation and extinction.
It's hard for people who were kids before computers to know whether the electronic version is more fun or less than all those game pieces we used to have.
It is something that occurs within the life of the host plant, so it's an example of evolution almost right before our eyes.'' Dr. Sharon Y.
These tiny creatures often move just inches from their mother before they attach themselves to the same pine needle or a neighboring one, remaining in the same position for their entire lives.
Adelies breed in the Antarctic spring on densely populated rocky rookeries, and before the summer sun sets in March, at the beginning of the long winter night, the chicks are mature enough to look after themselves.
She has laid out her own and her husband's clothes the night before, a practice that makes Dr. Holmes joke that living with her is like going to camp.
``There probably will be a woman president before there is a woman chief of surgery at a major medical school,'' she said.
In January 1981, Carter went without sleep his last two nights in the White House, trying to negotiate the hostages' release before his presidency ended.
But the Princeton researchers put more power into the reactor than it produced, and they said it could be another 40 years before the work justifies the almost $10 billion the United States has invested in it since Gen.
Then, before I could get it in gear, he yelled, ``Don't go.
As the choir sang ``Just As I Am,'' Graham -- much like his father before him -- paused for latecomers, saying almost in a whisper, ``If you are not sure, you come.
By some unspoken signal of the sort bees and ants must use, the camera operators and reporters at the front door of the courthouse came to attention just before O.J.'s friend and personal lawyer Robert Kardashian emerged and went to lunch without saying a word.
By some unspoken signal of the sort bees and ants must use, the camera operators and reporters at the front door of the courthouse came to attention just before O.J.'s friend and personal lawyer Robert Kardashian emerged and went to lunch without saying a word.
Seven months before Halcion's U.S. approval, Upjohn's marketing executives had reported that ``a 14-day (dosage) limit could reduce projected sales by 50 percent over a 10-year period.'' Upjohn later asked the FDA why it intended to approve Halcion for only 14 days when the drug had been clinically tested for up to 42 days.
Unknown outside of Upjohn's Kalamazoo, Mich., headquarters before then was the fact that the company had omitted roughly 30 percent of the bad reactions experienced by the healthy Michigan prison inmates who were test subjects in the 1972-73 clinical study known as Protocol 321.
He wandered into at least one more home before the episode was over, tearing an electrical switch plate off the wall, because it didn't meet city code.
Ayers says he had last consumed wine about four days before his rampage and was not taking any drugs other than the Halcion -- a fact confirmed by a toxicology report.
``And that was always confusing for her.'' Grundberg's case was the groundbreaker for people who describe themselves as ``Halcion victims.'' The potential dangers associated with the drug were not widely known before the Utah woman's case became public.
The Upjohn Co. settled her lawsuit just before the civil trial was scheduled to begin in August 1991.
She talked about plans for this year's trip to the cemetery when she visited her daughter in Salem, Ore., a short time before her suicide.
Scherf said she last spoke to her mother by telephone on June 21, just before midnight.
His use of Halcion for about 700 days before the shooting never was heard by the jury that convicted him of murder.
Ten years passed before Leber admitted that ``only in hindsight'' did he appreciate that the mention of long periods of tolerance alongside references to the 14-day limit could have provided false assurance to consumers inclined toward long-term use.
When confronted with Chavez's test results before trial, the prosecution dropped the case and used the data to help convict Quintanilla.
In May, Hindmarch went before an FDA advisory committee to criticize Oswald's research techniques and his findings.
Just eight hours before her death, she had received prednisone from her doctor to treat her asthma, he said.
Just eight hours before her death, she had received prednisone from her doctor to treat her asthma, he said.
Downtown, near the criminal court building, is a sight reminiscent of Cape Canaveral before the first moon launch.
Downtown, near the criminal court building, is a sight reminiscent of Cape Canaveral before the first moon launch.
Ten years passed before Leber admitted that ``only in hindsight'' did he appreciate that the mention of long periods of tolerance alongside references to the 14-day limit could have provided false assurance to consumers inclined toward long-term use.
We are standing before a famous painting by Matisse.
 (BC-SCOTUS-ORDER LIST - 092694.ZO ) ORDER LIST MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1994 ORDERS IN PENDING CASES D-1411 IN THE MATTER OF DISBARMENT OF STEPHEN ELIAS KARSCH It having been reported to the Court that Stephen Elias Karsch, of New York, New York, has been disbarred from the practice of law by the Appellate Division, Supreme Court of New York, First Judicial Department, and this Court by order of June 20, 1994, having suspended the said Stephen Elias Karsch from the practice of law in this Court and directed that a rule issue requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred; And it appearing that the said rule was duly issued and served upon the respondent and that the time to file a response has expired; It is ordered that the said Stephen Elias Karsch be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
D-1414 IN THE MATTER OF JON LEE WOODSIDE Jon Lee Woodside, of Portland, Oregon, having requested to resign as a member of the Bar of this Court, it is ordered that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
D-1416 IN THE MATTER OF DISBARMENT OF GARY KENNETH MEYER It having been reported to the Court that Gary Kenneth Meyer, of New York, New York, has been disbarred from the practice of law by the Appellate Division, Supreme Court of New York, First Judicial Department, and this Court by order of June 27, 1994, having suspended the said Gary Kenneth Meyer from the practice of law in this Court and directed that a rule issue requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred; And it appearing that the said rule was duly issued and served upon the respondent and that the time to file a response has expired; It is ordered that the said Gary Kenneth Meyer be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
Griffith be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
Mosely be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
D-1423 IN THE MATTER OF DISBARMENT OF NWABUEZE VINCENT OKOCHA It having been reported to the Court that Nwabueze Vincent Okocha, of Cleveland, Ohio, has been disbarred from the practice of law by the Supreme Court of Ohio and this Court by order of August 2, 1994, having suspended the said Nwabueze Vincent Okocha from the practice of law in this Court and directed that a rule issue requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred; And it appearing that the said rule was duly issued and served upon the respondent and that the time to file a response has expired; It is ordered that the said Nwabueze Vincent Okocha be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
Corces be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
D-1437 IN THE MATTER OF FRED EVERETT JONES Fred Everett Jones, of Memphis, Tennessee, having requested to resign as a member of the Bar of this Court, it is ordered that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
The brief of petitioners is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Tuesday, November 8, 1994.
The brief of respondent is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Tuesday, December 6, 1994.
A reply brief, if any, is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Tuesday, December 20, 1994.
The brief of petitioner is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Tuesday, November 8, 1994.
The brief of respondent is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Tuesday, December 6, 1994.
A reply brief, if any, is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Tuesday, December 20, 1994.
The brief of petitioners is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Tuesday, November 8, 1994.
The brief of respondents is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Tuesday, December 6, 1994.
A reply brief, if any, is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Tuesday, December 20, 1994.
The brief of petitioners is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Tuesday, November 8, 1994.
The brief of respondents is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Tuesday, December 6, 1994.
A reply brief, if any, is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Tuesday, December 20, 1994.
The brief of petitioner is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Tuesday, November 8, 1994.
The brief of respondents is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Tuesday, December 6, 1994.
A reply brief, if any, is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Tuesday, December 20, 1994.
The brief of petitioners is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Tuesday, November 8, 1994.
The brief of respondents is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Tuesday, December 6, 1994.
A reply brief, if any, is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Tuesday, December 20, 1994.
The brief of petitioner is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Tuesday, November 8, 1994.
The brief of respondents is to be filed with the Clerk and served uopn opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Tuesday, December 6, 1994.
A reply brief, if any, is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Tuesday, December 20, 1994.
The brief of petitioner is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Tuesday, November 8, 1994.
The brief of respondents is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m.,Tuesday, December 6, 1994.
A reply brief, if any, is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Tuesday, December 20, 1994.
The guard was dead before he hit the tile.
Both shops have sold their wares in the district since long before King Street grew to be such an antique lover's paradise.
It also practiced religious tolerance before pluralism became an American tradition.
``Many well-known scientists who did outstanding work before the spill now find that their reputations have been tainted -- that they were used as mouthpieces,'' says Gary Shigenaka, a marine biologist with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's biological assessment team in Seattle.
``Many well-known scientists who did outstanding work before the spill now find that their reputations have been tainted -- that they were used as mouthpieces,'' says Gary Shigenaka, a marine biologist with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's biological assessment team in Seattle.
Jacques Chirac, the Gaullist mayor of Paris and presidential contender, presided over a music and light show on the world's most famous avenue to mark its return to elegance after two decades in which haute cuisine gave way to fast food and haute couture crumbled before jeans and tank-tops, with drug-peddling and prostitution for a backdrop.
Jacques Chirac, the Gaullist mayor of Paris and presidential contender, presided over a music and light show on the world's most famous avenue to mark its return to elegance after two decades in which haute cuisine gave way to fast food and haute couture crumbled before jeans and tank-tops, with drug-peddling and prostitution for a backdrop.
Jacques Chirac, the Gaullist mayor of Paris and presidential contender, presided over a music and light show on the world's most famous avenue to mark its return to elegance after two decades in which haute cuisine gave way to fast food and haute couture crumbled before jeans and tank-tops, with drug-peddling and prostitution for a backdrop.
``They just want to deny Clinton an important feather in his cap before the elections,'' one Senate aide said.
And many of the advertised items note: ``Check your laws before ordering.'' Your local ordinances may allow you to carry ``probably the best boot-knives and concealable emergency daggers you'll ever own'' ($39.95).
After all, Sugen doesn't even have a product in the clinic, though it's slated to file its first investigational new drug application for a cancer treatment before year end.
Colts offensive coordinator Nick Nicolau, who helped the Buffalo Bills and Denver Broncos make the Super Bowl several times before moving to Indianapolis, said Faulk has Barry Sanders' COD.
``He was so traumatized (before his problems were diagnosed) that he was turning inward and I could see the delinquent coming out,'' Howe said.
The same themes were favored by the architect Gerrit Rietveld, even before he joined the group in 1919, a year after his famous red-blue chair was introduced.
``You walked out there and sang eight bars before you opened your mouth,'' he snapped.
And in everything he wrote, his feelings were ``extreme, exaggerated, like young people's feelings.'' Mahler, Bernstein made clear, was much like himself, even like the listeners who sat before him.
The same themes were favored by the architect Gerrit Rietveld, even before he joined the group in 1919, a year after his famous red-blue chair was introduced.
But most people die of other diseases long before such plaques interfere with mental processes.
If there is a genetic basis for accelerated aging, the researchers wondered, would it show up as an increased risk of having a baby with Down syndrome before age 35 and an increased risk of developing Alzheimer's disease later in life?
``I'm always nervous before I go onstage anyway, and after the first two songs I usually settle down.
Well, this took three quarters of the show before I finally started to feel good.
One, David Johnson, his fiddle player, dates way back, to before Travis ever fried fish at the Nashville Palace.
It is normal to be anxious before an after-cancer checkup.'' But, she says, they should focus on making their present life as rich and meaningful as possible.
In the past, the church hierarchy has sought to block his run for office, condemned his presidency even before he was sworn in, supported the military who overthrew him and opposed American efforts to restore him to power.
``Philanderers!'' Yet before the act is out, she has already latched onto a new marital prospect.
It was also a way of grieving publicly: his 4-year-old son, Conor, had fallen to his death from the 53d-floor window of a Manhattan apartment the year before.
Rehearsing for his first extensive tour since 1992 in a large shed on the outskirts of London, Clapton and his band played two songs from the new album, a breathtaking version of Leroy Carr's ``How Long Blues'' and a shambling interpretation of Carr's ``Blues Before Sunrise,'' before he sat down to talk.
It's been proven to me that I can be me and people will like it.'' Recorded live and produced simply, ``From the Cradle'' lives up to Clapton's definition of the blues: ``true music of the soul, without the intellect.'' It features his versions of songs by Willie Dixon, Elmore James, Freddie King and other musicians who influenced him as he wound his way through various legendary 1960s groups -- the Yardbirds, the Bluesbreakers, Cream, Blind Faith -- before establishing himself as a solo artist and band leader.
In the past, the church hierarchy has sought to block his run for office, condemned his presidency even before he was sworn in, supported the military who overthrew him and opposed American efforts to restore him to power.
Sopkin spent a number of years with Doubleday and was managing editor of its Literary Guild book club before forming his own publishing company, Seaview Books, which he later sold to Playboy Enterprises.
STILL ZANY, MONTY PYTHON AND CULT TURN 25 LONDON  (BC-PYTHON-ANNIVERSARY-2TAKES-NYT) The show wasn't always going to be called ``Monty Python's Flying Circus.'' An early working title was ``Owl-Stretching Time.'' Then, briefly, ``The Year of the Stoat'' and ``The Venus de Milo Panic Show,'' before someone hit on the idea of ``Gwen Dibley's Flying Circus.'' Naturally it made no sense, but it was only a short step from there to television history.
Combined with the brilliant, sometimes grotesque graphics by Terry Gilliam, it was anarchic and completely innovative.'' It is a measure of their penetration into the popular culture that the adjective Pythonesque has had a place in the Oxford English Dictionary since 1975, defined as ``pertaining to, or characteristic of `Monty Python's Flying Circus.' '' After the television series ended in 1974, the six collaborated on three feature films, including ``Monty Python and the Holy Grail,'' before going their separate ways.
But the consensus of economists was that the committee probably gave Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan Reserve, considerable leeway to raise rates again before the committee next meets on Nov.
``Why should we rise to the challenge before we can put our budget together specifying spending cuts and leaving them as targets for the Democrats?'' he told reporters.
But the movie ends before Wood descends into his unemployable, alcoholic phase, robbing Depp of yet another opportunity to prove that he can portray fully realized characters as well as he does intriguing ciphers.
2 from Cleveland, said he did not find out the Haitian security forces were no longer their enemy until two hours before he was deployed to Haiti.
``They told me the army guys were shooting them and killing them before we came.'' Sgt.
Green walnuts are found inside English walnut shells in the summer, before the nuts completely form and harden.
Historically, we tend to debate the great national issues that involve controversial social change for many years, even many decades, before arriving at the public and political consensus necessary to propel legislation forward.
However, denounced as ``socialized medicine,'' the concept dominated public debate for 20 years or more before President Johnson finally pried it out of Congress nearly 30 years ago.
Clinton also mentioned Danville's Patterson, who helped deliver gasoline and munitions ``in heat so intense that the steering wheels of their trucks burned their bare hands.'' ``Once before Russians and Americans shared a just cause and prevailed.
He remarked his cause was not the value of the calf but that he was ``battling for the eternal principles of justice.'' Judge Burch then turned to the defendant's lawyer and asked him what had brought him before the bench.
Under an obscure rule, Republicans can insist on three successive 30-hour stretches of debate before the desert bill can go to conference.
Meanwhile, Mitchell must choose which bills to bring to the floor, and his work is slowed by the fact that the Senate has six must-pass appropriations bills to pass before adjourning.
Selig had said earlier that he was considering having an owners' meeting the first or second week of October, but yesterday he said that if there is a meeting, it won't be held before mid-October.
Wofford said it would be difficult to get anything passed by Congress before it adjourns in October, but he would not give up hope.
``The whole frustration of having to make another team, go to these tryouts and perform like I'd never been a starter before, was really frustrating.
I was thinking about hanging it up.'' The Eagles gave him an abbreviated look before the Redskins and Giants entered the picture.
It's happened before to me.'' He says if he were to write a book, the title would be ``Perseverance,'' because that is primarily what it takes when you are picked in the 10th round of the draft out of Texas Christian University.
``The Pro Bowl is one of my individual goals,'' Booty said, before adding, ``Really, though, I just want people to respect my talents and how hard I work.'' 
In all, it was seven months before mother considered daughter fail-proof -- for No. 1 and No. 2, day and night.
It depends on several factors, Crowe says, including physical development (older children have better muscle control); the child's sex (girls usually are ready before boys); and even the time of year (allergies may be a distraction in the spring and fall, as is playing outside in the summer).
It's just that we've seen it all before -- and better.
It's just that we've seen it all before -- and better.
``I don't want to be pushed around anymore.'' By turns irascible, petulant and even unprintable, Turner unleashed his fusillade at a luncheon speech before the National Press Club with his wife, the actress Jane Fonda, sitting a few feet away.
Bush admits that she wrote to museum director 	Shortly thereafter, Kennedy asked curator 	Mayo said that before she'd read Mrs.
Bush admits that she wrote to museum director 	Shortly thereafter, Kennedy asked curator 	Mayo said that before she'd read Mrs.
``His performance is undebatably wonderful.'' A week before the New York Film Festival, Willis was ensconced in his trailer between the filming of scenes for ``Die Hard III'' on location at Tompkins Square Park on the Lower East Side of Manhattan.
Except for a few ``superstar friends'' whom he declines to name, the actor hangs out with a tight circle of buddies who have served as a support network ``before any of this celebrity stuff happened.'' He has a home in Malibu and a New York apartment (``a mile and many million dollars away from my first one,'' he says), but his favorite residence is a rustic mountain retreat in a place he refuses to name out West, where he says he relishes being just another dude on line at the convenience store.
Everyone involved in the talks, though, stresses that the outcome at this stage is still unclear, and will not become clear until minutes before Friday's deadline.
The creation of the unit was not in response to any particular incident, the chief said, but adding that ``had we had this unit in the past, we probably could have deployed it.'' In 1990 a gunman took 33 people hostage and held them for seven hours in a popular campus-area bar, killing one and injuring seven before he was killed by police.
If Foley is worried about his prospects for re-election, he is not showing it, saying he has been through this before.
With fewer than seven weeks before the Nov.
It's what I've said before.'' Even his few campaign billboards in Spokane are recycled from previous contests.
But perhaps most detrimental to Foley has been his highly visible suit to overturn the approval of term limits for members of Congress, which won in U.S. District Court and is now before the court of appeals in San Francisco.
And Lacey details the passionate side of Grace who had an active love life, that he said existed both before and after her marriage to the prince, in contrast to the virginal wholesomeness projected by Grace, the glamorous movie star.
They then corresponded by mail for several months before he traveled to Philadelphia to meet her parents and ask her hand in marriage.
``They have a video ready even before the album is finished.'' KROQ is currently playing five tracks off ``Monster'' and listener reaction has been ``fantastic,'' said Gene Sandbloom, the station's assistant program director.
But if the Fed wants more ammunition before increasing rates a sixth time, several economic indicators in the next week or so -- including durable goods orders Wednesday, factory orders Oct.
The former Tyson sparring partner brandished his WBC belt, pledged to be ``the people's champion,'' and described himself as ``a man of very strong character and very strong will.'' McCall (25-5, 18 knockouts) said he talked with Tyson by phone twice before the bout and received a congratulatory call from the former champion afterward.
7, and for now, the league's goal is reach an agreement before the regular season opens Nov.
Ideally, we'd like to reach an agreement before the start of the regular season, but there isn't any fixed deadline.'' ``I haven't gotten any official notification from the league concerning a lockout,'' said Charles Grantham, executive director of the players' association.
A decision is not expected for at least another three weeks, which would leave the two sides just about two weeks to reach a collective bargaining agreement before the regular-season begins.
A week before the show opened, he still had no idea what he was doing about certain technical questions.
Then I walked into this astonishing production with all these incredibly smart and magical solutions where a week before he had no idea what he was doing.
The two have been a couple since meeting as students at Cambridge, and both even practiced law before founding Cheek by Jowl.
(He also named his show ``In the Kitchen With Bob'' long before Oprah Winfrey's chef, Rosie Daley, wrote ``In the Kitchen With Rosie.'') ``He does what he says he does, quick and easy.'' Royalty Statements Judith Appelbaum, the author of the 1978 book ``How to Get Happily Published,'' says she never really understood her royalty statements; not many authors do.
Last week, Johnson questioned the new coach Barry Switzer's commitment to the team because Switzer left the team on the Saturday night before a game to attend the college football game of his son.
CLINTON SUBMITS LEGISLATION TO IMPLEMENT WORLD TRADE PACT WASHINGTON  (BC-TRADE-CONGRESS-385&ADD-NYT) President Clinton on Tuesday sent to Congress a bill to implement the new global trade agreement, and administration officials predicted it would be approved before Congress adjourns next week, despite opposition from a top Democrat and uncertain support from some leading Republicans.
Less than two months before the world team gymnastics championships in Germany, the favored Romanians have staged, if not exactly a work stoppage, then at least a disruptive slowdown in training, the effects of which have reverberated to the top levels of the Romanian government.
The confusion is being monitored from the United States by the most famous Romanian gymnast of all, Nadia Comaneci, who defected in November 1989, a month before Ceausescu was overthrown, and now lives in Norman, Okla.
``The bond market doesn't like to be left in the dark and with the end of the quarter approaching, your certainly not going to see many buyers.'' In the market's wait for some indication by the Fed of its intentions on interest rates, dealers had a difficult time setting up before Tuesday's auction of new two-year notes.
As it turned out those who bought before the Fed made its announcement managed to make some money, said Matthew F.
A bullet penetrated his buttocks and traveled to his abdomen, through his liver, kidney and lung, before settling near his heart.
Losing Miller to the Broncos and trading Marion Butts, their leading rusher, had observers deriding the team before the season even began.
VAN CLIBURN TO BE FETED AT GALA DURING YELTSIN VISIT WASHINGTON  (BC-VANCLIBURN-GALA-TEX) Before the collapse of the Soviet empire, before perestroika, before detente, a slender young Texan made an incandescent connection between the world's superpowers amid the chill of the Cold War.
Ted Harbert, president of ABC Entertainment, said he was allowing himself ``10 seconds of pure joy'' about the first week's performance before dealing with the areas where ABC's schedule still needed work.
That was the last trading day before a definitive merger agreement was scheduled to be signed.
It left unanswered the question of just what had gone wrong in the due diligence, and the stock fell to a level lower than it was before the deal was announced.
``This rule,'' he complained at the time, well before Tuesday's announcement, ``protected them from people like me, but not from the longs who were selling.'' New Image makes a computer dental imaging system that allows dentists to take pictures of a patient's mouth, then alter them to show just how much better the mouth would look with cosmetic dental surgery.
The Congressional Budget Office says that it would take more than $700 billion in budget cuts over five years to balance the existing budget -- before the Republicans start hiking defense spending and cutting taxes.
Linda Deutsch of the Associated Press, one of the pool reporters covering jury selection in Simpson's murder trial, overheard Simpson humming a song from the show before the first jurors were brought in on Monday.
He previously worked at the Dallas Times Herald, San Francisco Examiner, Denver Post and Fort Worth Star-Telegram before joining the Daily News in 1985.
Speculation in the brokerage industry is that Morse had hoped that the stocks would continue to decline in price, providing him with an opportunity to ``kite'' the trade -- buy the shares at one brokerage house at a lower price before he had to deliver them to the firm through which he had sold them.
A person familiar with Morse's trading suggested last week that while he and Wall Street had run into trouble with the trading only in August, the possibility existed that Morse was kiting trades even before this summer, but had not attracted attention because he was making a profit.
16, two days before settlement of his first Intel sell order, he asked Merrill to sell another 50,000 Intel shares at $60.725, or $3,036,250.
The Bombay officials said that none of the patients had so far tested positive for pneumonic plague, but that further tests would be necessary in each case before final diagnoses could be made.
Clinton does not have formal tastings before important events, the kind of tastings that made White House chefs tremble during the Reagan administration.
In honor of the Yeltsin visit, current and past members of the Yale Russian Chorus sang Russian and American songs before dinner as the guests made their way from the State Dining Room to the East Room, where the soprano Kathleen Battle sang.
The soldier was part of a detail from the 10th Mountain Division guarding the Villa d'Accueil, a mansion in the hills overlooking the city where pro-Aristide Members of Parliament, returned from hiding in the countryside or from refuge in the United States, are to gather before Wednesday's session.
He kept notes on the potential jurors, identified only by their numbers, and told a pool reporter about the song he sang Monday as the first would-be jurors came before him.
 (BC-SUMMIT-2NDTAKE-NYT) Even before Tuesday's meeting began, Clinton had already spent more time with Yeltsin than with any other foreign leader, and that closeness was reflected Tuesday morning in the courtly kiss the Russian president bestowed on Hillary Rodham Clinton's right hand, and in the left-right-left series of Russian-style smacks Mrs.
But Clinton also felt comfortable enough in the midst of the low-key summit meeting to dash away briefly Tuesday evening to a reception in honor of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus before returning to the White House -- already wearing his dinner jacket -- for the ceremonial dinner.
Clinton does not have formal tastings before important events, the kind of tastings that made White House chefs tremble during the Reagan administration.
In honor of the Yeltsin visit, current and past members of the Yale Russian Chorus sang Russian and American songs before dinner as the guests made their way from the State Dining Room to the East Room, where the soprano Kathleen Battle sang.
``The problem is that a lot of people don't understand derivatives,'' said Levitt, who testified before the House subcommittee on telecommunications and finance on a set of proposals from the SEC to provide for more disclosure of derivatives in the mutual fund industry.
The disclosure was made at a hearing before Representative Markey's committee where Levitt outlined a series of proposals to reduce the riskiness of mutual fund portfolios.
 (BC-SUMMIT-2NDTAKE-NYT) Even before Tuesday's meeting began, Clinton had already spent more time with Yeltsin than with any other foreign leader, and that closeness was reflected Tuesday morning in the courtly kiss the Russian president bestowed on Hillary Rodham Clinton's right hand, and in the left-right-left series of Russian-style smacks Mrs.
But Clinton also felt comfortable enough in the midst of the low-key summit meeting to dash away briefly Tuesday evening to a reception in honor of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus before returning to the White House -- already wearing his dinner jacket -- for the ceremonial dinner.
In his closing remarks before the 49 members of the Senate, Jeffery Piccola, a Republican House member from Dauphin County and a member of the committee that prosecuted Larsen, reviewed Larsen's behavior in each of the charges and concluded that the evidence was ``beyond persuasive; it is simply overwhelming.'' Following Piccola to the podium, Larsen's lawyer, William Costopoulos, held the body in rapt attention for more than an hour with a stirring, sometimes defiant closing argument in which he accused the lawmakers of ``railroading'' his client for political purposes.
There was never a hint this wasn't a truthful person.'' Larsen is charged with a variety of offenses, including helping friends and political supporters by shepherding their cases into or out of the court's consideration, holding improper conversations with lawyers outside the court and lying under oath before a grand jury.
The House charged that Larsen made the accusations after the justices, Zappala and the other justice, Ralph Cappy, voted two months before to adopt the recommendation of a juducial review board that Larsen be publicly reprimanded for improper communication with a lower court judge six years before to influence the outcome of a case.
Even before the arrest of Aldrich H.
The last two deals between the staff and Nynex were approved by the PSC and the one before that was rejected.
In the short haul long-distance market, competition is already theoretically possible because callers can use the carrier of their choice by dialing a five-digit access number before they dial the area code or exchange and phone number.
In the past, the church hierarchy has tried to prevent Aristide from running for office, condemned his presidency before he was even sworn in, supported the military leaders who overthrew him and opposed American efforts to restore him to power.
``This deal gives 20th Century a future, which was unclear before,'' said Blair Sanford, an analyst at Hoefer & Arnett.
``Father Jean-Bertrand Aristide has always preferred to distance himself from the concrete demands of community,'' the decree added, ``becoming a protagonist of the destabilization of the community of the faithful.'' What is worse, the Salesians concluded, ``he has done so in a constant, public and incisive manner so that the organs of the press and groups of varied origins present him as the `leader of the popular church' in Haiti.'' Then, two years later, after Aristide had won election to the presidency with two-thirds of the vote but just before he was sworn in, Ligonde expressed doubts about Aristide's ability to govern Haiti.
When Angela was interviewed at the pizza parlor, granting a reporter a scant 20 minutes before she had to pack for a plane trip to New York and an appearance on ABC's ``Good Morning America,'' her friends kept cutting in, reminding her that she burned the food.
Cuomo, who was accompanied by 11 aides, delivered a masterly performance in the role of himself: playful and jousting, tentatively repentant for self-confessed venial sins, ever eager to attack the premise before addressing the question.
Wiggins said Merrill began its investigation about a week before it dismissed Ms. Thomas and her husband, after an accountant for one of Ms. Thomas' clients alerted the firm to the phony account statements.
McCall (25-5, 18 knockouts) said he talked with Mike Tyson by phone twice before the bout and received a congratulatory call from the former champion afterward.
Until the judge rules, none of that is supposed to go before the jury.
McCall (25-5, 18 knockouts) said he talked with Mike Tyson by phone twice before the bout and received a congratulatory call from the former champion afterward.
McCall (25-5, 18 knockouts) said he talked with Mike Tyson by phone twice before the bout and received a congratulatory call from the former champion afterward.
A third crucial step to revitalize Saatchi New York was a reinvigoration of new-business efforts, vital because ``the lifeblood of an agency is looking for new business,'' Muirhead said, ``and that's what we weren't doing.'' Jeary had before him a legal pad on which he had carefully listed accounts in review with billings of about $230 million, which Saatchi New York and other Saatchi shops hope to land.
``I felt like Captain Kirk,'' Muirhead said, laughing, ``boldly going where no man has gone before.'' Of course, Saatchi New York has been revamped before.
Economists said it probably gave the Fed's chairman, Alan Greenspan, leeway to raise rates before its next meeting.
The theme that the state is banking on was culled from an original list of 59, which was reduced to 12 after testing reactions inside the state and out, and then to four before the final selection was made.
``They lose the right to vote in prison, but they don't lose much else,'' Cardinale said Tuesday before the 10 women endorsed his bill, which he introduced last winter.
I really feel at home,'' Yeltsin, wearing the formal tuxedo and black tie that was shunned by his nation's old Communist leaders, told the 140 dinner guests before raising a glass of 1989 California champagne to Clinton and his wife, Hillary Rodham Clinton.
Even before the poll was released, Rep.
He kept notes on the potential jurors, identified only by their numbers, and told a pool reporter about the song he sang Monday as the first would-be jurors came before him.
``Cold Water,'' which carries these two to the brink of crisis before ending on a deliberately uncertain note, is a moody evocation of their distress.
The lease renewal it signed this summer gives it the option to evaluate its space requirements before the lease expires.
He had always wanted to direct Shakespeare; before he died, he was scheduled to stage ``Titus Andronicus'' for Joseph Papp in Central Park.
When Quinton revived ``Bluebeard,'' he turned the mad doctor into a fastidious fiend who carefully removed and folded every article of his clothing before leaping headlong into lust.
``I finished third behind two Brazilians I never heard of before or since,'' he recalled.
Clinton does not have formal tastings before important events, the kind of tastings that made White House chefs tremble during the Reagan administration.
In honor of the Yeltsin visit, current and past members of the Yale Russian Chorus sang Russian and American songs before dinner as the guests made their way from the State Dining Room to the East Room, where the soprano Kathleen Battle sang.
I think the experienced players all know there were players before who sacrificed a lot for us to be in the position we're in.'' And as for the possibility of minor-leaguers taking advantage of the strike to join the major leagues as replacement players, Karros had a firm warning.
Prosecutor Marcia Clark asked the employee, ``Is that the 911 tape?'' But before the employee could answer, the pool reporters were told to leave the room.
A 60-day suspension from the team after his arrest, during which Adams underwent weekly counseling with an Austin-based psychiatrist before being reinstated Aug.28.
The fifth -- Pittsburgh's first two-time winners -- lost their starting running backs in the AFC semifinals before losing to Oakland in the AFC title game.
``We may have been at our best in those two years because all of us had been there before and we were all in our prime and at the peak of our games,'' Bradshaw said.
He was mentioned as a candidate with the Boston Red Sox last year before Dan Duquette was lured away from Montreal.
He was mentioned as a candidate with the Boston Red Sox last year before Dan Duquette was lured away from Montreal.
An excellent skater who owns a great deal of offensive ability, Lang showed flashes of brilliance last year when he played alongside Luc Robitaille and John Druce before he suffered a season-ending injury April 3 against Edmonton; he dislocated his left shoulder and underwent surgery four days later.
In honor of the Yeltsin visit, current and past members of the Yale Russian Chorus sang Russian and American songs before dinner and as the guests made their way from the State Dining Room to the East Room, where the soprano Kathleen Battle sang.
``Many well-known scientists who did outstanding work before the spill now find that their reputations have been tainted -- that they were used as mouthpieces,'' says Gary Shigenaka, a marine biologist with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's biological assessment team in Seattle.
``Many well-known scientists who did outstanding work before the spill now find that their reputations have been tainted -- that they were used as mouthpieces,'' says Gary Shigenaka, a marine biologist with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's biological assessment team in Seattle.
But Washington made an exception for the field musicians, whose job back in those days -- before radios and walkie-talkies -- was to signal commands to the troops.
Q: About the ``black box'' they recover in plane crashes: Does it reset before each takeoff?
We've tried to answer this question before, but we'll let an informal poll add to the confusion.
We checked with the Grenadan Embassy to see whether the sentences were, in fact, carried out and found that, as a last resort, the condemned men went before a ``mercy committee,'' which lifted their death sentences.
Under the Georgia Constitution, a convicted felon must wait 10 years before running for office.
No matter which surgery a patient chooses, most ophthalmologists recommend a thorough eye exam beforehand, not just a determination of prescription, since underlying problems with the eye can undermine the success of the procedure.
Often as not, it's the singer's pitch or cadence that signifies meaning before actual words kick in.
``This is supposed to be the book where she talks more than she ever has before,'' says Chris Castille, manager of the Barnes & Noble bookstore on Peachtree Street.
SPORTS COMMENTARY: IT'S ONLY RIGHT THAT CRENSHAW AND KITE BE INDUCTED TOGETHER AUSTIN, Texas  (BC-BOHLS-COLUMN-COX) The first two days of the 1972 NCAA Championships, Texas' Tom Kite blistered the Cape Coral Country Club course in 65 and 67 before the Florida winds blustered his third round to a 78.
And now with the Senior Tour and family ties bearing down on them stronger than ever before, Kite and Crenshaw find themselves together again.
Brokers get certified and train for six months to a year before opening a new office.
In 1991, he lost his job as a national sales director for Memorex shortly before the company filed for Chapter 11 reorganization.
And before Andy came Brad, ``a real nut case,'' Gail said.
Ann Richards on Tuesday, just six weeks before election day -- disappointed representatives for environmental groups but pleased politicians and appeased wary landowners.
Until Tuesday, the Fish and Wildlife Service had planned to study the warbler and its nesting grounds in Central Texas before deciding whether critical habitat designation was warranted.
Hundreds helped to look for Polly for two months before her body was found near U.S. 101 south of Cloverdale, Calif., and a lifelong criminal was arrested for the crime.
``There are a lot of people out there who write him.'' ``A lot of people did not lock their doors here'' before the kidnapping, said Petaluma Mayor Patricia Hilligoss.
It's really sad that O.J. is taking all the limelight, and a police officer gave up his life.'' She told of how one of the gunmen had shot Hoglund three times before he could get out of the police cruiser or draw a gun.
The first officer on the scene had just been hired and had exactly 20 minutes' experience as a police officer before pulling Hoglund's body the rest of the way from the car.
The night before Hoglund was killed, he and Smith had made their wedding plans.
Britain's royals -- with personal scandal relentlessly dogging them and a growing outcry over allegations of their profligate use of the taxpayers' money -- are under assault as never before.
Here McPhail's illustrations are gentle and moody, perfect for the last read before bedtime, when we take time to appreciate the details of life and one another.
Jacques Chirac, the Gaullist mayor of Paris and presidential contender, presided over a music and light show on the world's most famous avenue to mark its return to elegance after two decades in which haute cuisine gave way to fast food and haute couture crumbled before jeans and tank-tops, with drug-peddling and prostitution for a backdrop.
Jacques Chirac, the Gaullist mayor of Paris and presidential contender, presided over a music and light show on the world's most famous avenue to mark its return to elegance after two decades in which haute cuisine gave way to fast food and haute couture crumbled before jeans and tank-tops, with drug-peddling and prostitution for a backdrop.
Jacques Chirac, the Gaullist mayor of Paris and presidential contender, presided over a music and light show on the world's most famous avenue to mark its return to elegance after two decades in which haute cuisine gave way to fast food and haute couture crumbled before jeans and tank-tops, with drug-peddling and prostitution for a backdrop.
It was a victory grand enough to hang an entire career on -- especially one that started in chaos and confusion three weeks before the 1993 season, and that now holds no shot at a bowl game or national championship this season.
``Only I have never before had the honor of the fire department with the arched water over your plane.
Cool at least 3 hours before cutting.
Stir in candy just before serving.
Rachmaninoff's well-meaning friends, like Bruckner's before them, thought they knew a thing or two about structure and pace that by implication, the composer did not.
He had been here before, in this room on the first floor of Visitacion Valley Middle School.
In his Pulitzer-Prize-winning biography ``Truman,'' David McCullough wrote that ``news of the bomb brought feelings of ambiguity and terror of a kind never before experienced by Americans.
``They don't want Aristide to come back, but the people want him back.'' ``The Haitian army and their `attaches' raped us and beat us before the Americans came,'' said Magdalena Noel, 16, using the French word for the paramilitary militia, which still lurks on the outskirts of town.
Always wash your hands, utensils and cutting surfaces well with soap and warm water before and after handling poultry.
Remove to room temperature about 1 hour before ready to grill.
Those that can usually require a drying or curing time before painting.
They require a lengthy curing time -- about a week -- before painting.
GINGERLY, `UN-GALLERY' STRUGGLES TO ITS FEET  (BC-ART-DEALERS-3TAKES-$ADV02-NYT) The night before he opened his gallery last April, Gavin Brown wasn't even certain he could afford the traditional opening-night dinner.
And like so many galleries before him, he must depend upon a big seller to carry him.
It is best to try using a plunger, AKA the plumber's friend, before pouring caustics into the drain.
It is best to try using a plunger, AKA the plumber's friend, before pouring caustics into the drain.
``The most beautiful promenade in the world has recovered its magical place in the subconscious of locals and foreigners alike,'' Chirac said before lighting 1,000 green spotlights along the boulevard Monday evening.
However, for the legislation to be enacted it must still pass the Senate before it adjourns.
Jim Greenwood, R-Bucks County, who introduced legislation for the Pennsylvania delegation, said ``cautiously optimistic'' the Senate would support a similar bill before the session ends.
Supporters of the waste control bill negotiated with industry officials and New York and New Jersey officials as late as 10 a.m. Wednesday before a final agreement was reached, Greenwood said.
Well before dawn, with his allotted quota of 25 dead rodents bulging in the bag, he set off for his rendezvous with a pest control officer, who checked the catch and paid Jhadav his nightly wage of 85 rupees, equivalent to about $2.75.
	Hours before the opening session began, supporters of Haiti's exiled president, the Rev.
For example, in ``O Deus de cabeca'' (1988), a man holds a dappled tortoise before his face: His own dark skin has been sprinkled with light powder to echo the reptile's markings.
	Lawyers for the Los Angeles district attorney's office had asked Ito to suspend the selection process at its initial stage -- that is, once a pool of 300 willing jurors had been selected but before any had been seriously questioned -- while the DNA evidence was debated.
When she left New York a month before, I could understand her perfectly.
``Just as with their first language, kids usually understand what's being said well before they can speak,'' Ms. Goldstein said.
The Clinton administration hopes to force the three junta leaders into exile before Oct.
As soon as the storm broke, the team hurried to leave before another storm could arrive and perhaps strand them at the site for the brutal Arctic winter, von Grote said.
``They were real disappointed we didn't bring the plane out.'' Another former Kee Bird crew member died three weeks before Greenamyer's team went to the site in July, von Grote said.
The team plans to return to the site as soon as winter breaks, but before the ground thaws, Greenamyer said.
He is promising that Mattson Tech's equipment does the same, and Wolf says, ``He certainly has a track record.'' However, one money manager, who spoke on condition of anonymity before the company began its road show, said he was concerned Mattson's profits may be jeopardized as it spends ``an enormous amount of money upgrading its infrastructure.'' It also had a high price/earnings value relative to other comparable companies, analysts had worried.
And Ms. Fisher, who has been working from home for over 15 years, (``before it was fashionable,'' she says) runs Designer Previews from an armoire-size space that Clodagh designed for a small sliver of dining room wall in her tiny penthouse overlooking Gramercy Park.
Many ruthlessly cut-down companies, he noted, are beginning to rehire with a vigor not seen since before the recession.
In the first scene, the main characters ponder the meaning of Madonna's ``Like a Virgin'' for several minutes before moving on to ``The Night the Lights Went Out in Georgia,'' by Vicki Lawrence.
``Do you ever listen to K-Billy's Super Sounds of the '70s?'' Michael Madsen nonchalantly asks a police officer in the film before flipping on the radio and slicing off the officer's ear, to the sound of ``Stuck in the Middle With You'' by Stealers Wheel.
Witnesses said the attacker pulled an Uzi assault weapon from under a newspaper as Ruiz Massieu entered his car and shot the politician once before the weapon jammed.
So before filling out Form 8829 (Business Use of Your Home), make sure you have fulfilled the following criteria: -- Your home office space must be used exclusively for work, whether in a separate room or a special section of a larger room.
They warned Sarajevo that unless Bosnia told Clinton to stop, they would pull out their peacekeepers before arms could be supplied and let Serbian carnage begin just in time for winter.
He worked for the Jewish Board of Family and Children's Services before retiring five years ago; he then served briefly as a consultant.
At least 12 of the 13 annual appropriations bills are expected to pass before the fiscal 1995 begins Saturday.
Their collection of American Indian music is scheduled to come out next week, only a few weeks before a box-set collection of old songs from the Band is set to be released, and as Robertson has just completed acting opposite Jack Nicholson in the Sean Penn-directed film, ``The Crossing Guard.'' ``At this stage, that something can come along that makes my adrenaline run like that, that makes me this excited about a project and puts me in a situation where I can experiment and do some things...
Corn and soybeans retreated amid fears by investors that much of the crop will be harvested before the first frost.
I just wish I had had the wisdom and foresight to say it to Daddy before he died.
23 before embarking on a 21-city tour nationwide.
``We beat rhythms that drummers enjoy playing but none of it is exact,'' said Cresswell, who taught himself how to play drums at age 8 before hooking up with McNicholas in Brighton, England, to perform on the streets.
As early as 1992, eight weeks before Marisa Tomei received the Oscar for best supporting actress for ``My Cousin Vinny,'' the director, Norman Jewison, offered her the starring role in the film.
In the opener, a funky ``Wouldn't It Be Loverly'' from ``My Fair Lady,'' she lets loose as she seldom has before.
Traders said Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen in a news conference Wednesday before his trip to Madrid added to the positive tone of the market, making some cautious upbeat comments about the dollar and the U.S.-Japanese trade negotiations.
At least 12 of the 13 annual appropriations bills are expected to pass before the fiscal 1995 begins Saturday.
A couple of times the linemen jerked to attention before the exchange between center and quarterback.
Then came the fall: last Saturday, Armani became the latest of the high-ticket, high-profile Italian fashion designers to go before corruption magistrates in Milan and, according to his lawyer, admit to paying a kickback to tax inspectors in 1990.
``Why did they start the investigations now, just a few days before the international shop window opens in Milan?'' What rankles Milan is that the investigations collide with the start on Saturday of the ready-to-wear fashion shows that are central to Italy's fashion and textiles industries -- with a turnover last year totaling $59 billion, half of it from exports.
Other figures to have paraded before the magistrate include Krizia (whose given name is Mariuccia Mandelli), Gianmaria Buccellati, the jeweler and silversmith, and Santo Versace, the brother of the designer and entrepreneur Gianni Versace.
The Clinton administration, like the Bush administration before it, has refused to involve American ground troops in Bosnia, effectively leaving day-to-day management of the first major post-cold-war conflict to the Europeans.
	Bentsen, 73, who made a fortune in insurance and savings and loan associations before running for the Senate in 1970, also has a town house in Washington and a vacation house in Southern California.
It helps to be around people who have never done something like this before.'' ``Danny!'' It was Bill and three students.
``Oak should be taken care of, and I hope he is,'' Ewing said before leaving the practice facility after a workout.
``That's part of it,'' said Oakley Wednesday, ``But it's not all about money, never has been.'' Oakley said he was uncertain if he would speak with either Dave Checketts, the Knicks' president, or Ernie Grunfeld, the general manager, before training camp.
By then Taylor -- who defended his behavior, vowed to prove all doubters wrong and displayed more assertiveness than ever before -- might return to being the prized prospect that he wants to be.
But Michael also cautioned that the Yankees must actually see his comeback fully onfold before believing it.
Now, barring setbacks, he will likely begin next season with a low-level minor-league team before advancing to Class AAA Columbus if his arm is sound.
It is going to be extremely difficult for the tribunal to get the people it seeks to appear before the court.
An informal safety inspection of the Estonia just hours before it sailed on Tuesday found some problems with the seals on the vessel's bow doors, but those problems are unlikely to have caused the ship to capsize early Wednesday, Swedish authorities said.
The Estonian transport minister, Ande Meister, told a news conference on Wednesday that it would be impossible to determine the cause of the accident before divers investigated the wreck, Reuters reported.
Hours before Clinton's threat, Sen.
Besides being a blow to Clinton -- who desperately needs GATT to pass before the election and in advance of key world trade summits later this fall -- the Hollings move could be a blow to other Democrats, particularly those in districts with companies hoping to benefit from the pact.
Hollings plan to use all 45 days means Congress couldn't vote on the 20,000-page accord before the House and Senate's scheduled adjournment.
The Knicks' other rookie, 6-7 forward Monty Williams from Notre Dame, is also expected to be signed before training camp.
With the woman now identified, the investigation has expanded to a search in both New York and New Jersey for friends and acquaintances and others who may have seen her in the days before her death.
He said, ``This limit to our involvement almost certainly exposes our forces to less risk.'' Testifying Wednesday before the Senate Armed Services Committee, Deputy Secretary of Defense John Deutch asserted that setting a deadline could undermine the U.S. mission and even endanger U.S. troops.
Well before dawn, with his allotted quota of 25 dead rodents bulging in the bag, he set off for his rendezvous with a pest control officer, who checked the catch and paid Jhadav his nightly wage of 85 rupees, about $2.75.
However it was Zedillo, a former budget and education minister who had never before run for political office, who was eventually selected to run in place of Colosio.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) By contrast, bond fund redemptions leveled off in August, even before long-term interest rates headed decisively from 7.4 percent to 7.8 percent this month.
As a result, Yeltsin said, ``a bright window has opened.'' Strauss said later that he personally was more prone to take risks in Russia today than ever before.
As a result, Yeltsin said, ``a bright window has opened.'' Strauss said later that he personally was more prone to take risks in Russia today than ever before.
MORE THAN 800 LOST IN BALTIC FERRY SINKING TURKU, Finland  (BC-FERRY-SINKING-ART-585-(2TAKES)-NYT) More than 800 people were missing and feared dead after an Estonian ferry capsized and sank in a stormy Baltic Sea just before 2 a.m. Wednesday in one of history's worst ferry disasters.
Some spent four or five hours in lifeboats before being rescued, and nearly all were treated for hypothermia.
Tuesday, just hours before the ferry's fatal journey, Swedish inspectors had found its supposedly watertight seals to be in unsatisfactory condition, a Swedish maritime official said.
Officer Steven Laski, who was the 11th officer on modified duty and a member of ``Nannery's Raiders,'' committed suicide three weeks ago shortly before he was about to be arrested, according to an investigator in the case.
So I urge the Congress to pass the GATT before they go home.'' Partly by accident, partly by the failure of the White House to get the trade accord up to Congress for approval earlier and partly because of quirky Senate rules, Hollings, D-S.C., is in a position to hold up a global trade agreement negotiated over seven years and involving simultaneous tariff cuts by 123 countries.
But since all the details have already been worked out by Congress and the White House in advance, all of the committees were expected to send the bill to the floor for a vote next week, before the scheduled adjournment in mid-October.
He said he told the U.S. trade representative, Mickey Kantor, in April not to ``come in here at the last minute with a we've-got-to-save-the-president kind of thing.'' Hollings said ``No chance at all,'' when asked whether he would permit a vote on the global trade accord by his committee before the 45-day deadline.
Asbestos was used widely in building materials such as acoustic ceilings and linoleum before the early 1980s.
He suggested that he had been taken aback by Giuliani's objections to Sullivan, and he said he had considered them carefully before finally putting them aside out of the belief that Sullivan was the right man.
We're putting both sides on notice that Congress will no longer remain silent on the issue.'' But before sending it on, the subcommittee amended the bill, eliminating the provision that said if the players union went to court to block a unilaterally imposed salary cap, the cap would be stayed automatically until a decision was rendered.
We're putting both sides on notice that Congress will no longer remain silent on the issue.'' But before sending it on, the subcommittee amended the bill, eliminating the provision that said if the players union went to court to block a unilaterally imposed salary cap, the cap would be stayed automatically until a decision was rendered.
Lawyers for the Los Angeles district attorneys office had asked Ito to suspend the selection process at its initial stage, before any of a pool of 300 willing jurors has been seriously questioned, while the DNA question was debated.
But a higher court would be far more likely to hear a time consuming appeal of such a decision before the jury is empaneled than it would be afterward.
On the other hand, if Ito held the hearing and barred the evidence before the jury was picked, the prosecution could have gone back and started all over again.
``If the prosecution loses the DNA hearing before the jury is picked, they could appeal or seek a continuance or even ask to have the case dismissed and try again later,'' said Barry Tarlow, a prominent criminal defense lawyer in Los Angeles.
``But if the jury has been sworn in, prosecutors would have to go to trial before there was ever time for an appellate court to reverse.
``Perhaps someone had a vested interest or pre-knowledge of what results will be before tests have even begun, and that causes us grave concern.'' The reporter who broadcast the revelation about Simpson's sock, Tracie Savage of KNBC in Los Angeles, acknowledged Tuesday night that the report was partly inaccurate but did not say just how.
``Engineers have to endure great emotional toll, especially if they make eye contact with the victim before impact.
California recorded 98 pedestrian deaths in 1993, more than twice as many as any other state and an increase from 63 the year before.
4, and before that, Metrolink recorded only one fatality in more than five months.
Well before dawn, with his allotted quota of 25 dead rodents bulging in the bag, he set off for his rendezvous with a pest control officer, who checked the catch and paid Jhadav his nightly wage of 85 rupees, equivalent to about $2.75.
	Hours before the opening session began, supporters of Haiti's exiled president, the Rev.
Romney, who refuses to discuss his church's past policies on issues of sex and race, responded Tuesday by accusing Kennedy of betraying his brother's stand against religious prejudice, enunciated in a pivotal campaign speech in 1960 before an association of Protestant ministers in Houston.
HAITI PARLIAMENT MEETS, BUT DELAYS AN AMNESTY VOTE PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti  (BC-HAITI-555-(2TAKES)-NYT) With heavily armed U.S. troops, skeins of barbed wire and thousands of elated pro-democracy demonstrators ringing the Legislative Palace, Haiti's newly reconstituted National Assembly convened here Wednesday, but then adjourned before even considering the issue of an amnesty for Lt. Gen.
Just hours before the session began, about a dozen legislators who had been in exile in the United States and Canada landed at the main airport here aboard a private chartered plane.
Hours before deliberations began, supporters of Aristide surged into the seafront streets around parliament to jeer legislators still loyal to the military government and cheer those who back the exiled president.
Shortly before 3 p.m., one group of these demonstrators moving up the Rue du Champs-de-Mars and clashed with a group of attaches -- the paramilitary gunman in the pay of the police and army -- sitting in the Normandy Bar, a well-known gathering place for supporters of the military government.
``Devils, horrors,'' he added before running toward the chamber's microphone, where he had to be restrained.
``I've been here before,'' he said.
Hill, who usually retains ownership of calves through the feedlot finishing stage, completed his most recent sale of slaughter-bound calves in May, before the market slide hit its June low.
Average slaughter-bound calves typically do not become meat before they are 14 to 18 months old.
Hours before Clinton's threat, Sen.
Besides being a blow to Clinton -- who desperately needs GATT to pass before the election and in advance of key world trade summits later this fall -- the Hollings move could be a blow to other Democrats, particularly those in districts with companies hoping to benefit from the pact.
Hollings' plan to use all 45 days means Congress couldn't vote on the 20,000-page accord before the House and Senate's scheduled adjournment.
If they are to make them before a postponement of the season, the likely place and time is Thursday in New York, city of league headquarters, or in Toronto, city of union headquarters.
Witnesses said the attacker pulled an Uzi assault weapon from under a newspaper as Ruiz Massieu entered his car and shot the politician once before the weapon jammed.
Joe Hopkins, a spokesman at United's headquarters in Elk Grove Village, Ill., said that while officials still needed to get details about Southwest's price cuts, United ``will be fully competitive (with Southwest) in the West Coast markets.'' But Hopkins said United's pricing officials will have to study Southwest's fare cuts in other markets before deciding how to respond.
 (BC-CALIF-SENATE-2NDTAKE-NYT) Still, she has nevertheless begun her own advertising blitz and promises that before she is through, there will be few voters who can say they have no opinion of the challenger.
Her campaign manager, Kam Kuwata, says she might spend as much as $15 million before the election, and during the final weeks will come close to matching Huffington dollar for dollar on television advertising.
During the routine team handshakes before the game at Madison Square Garden, he recalled, the Kentucky players had pointedly turned their backs on him and CCNY's other black players.
Under the rules, Hollings' committee has 45 days to deliberate before sending the bill to the floor.
Both men also do more than restore the status quo ante, calling for income on interest, dividends and capital gains, where was taxed for years before 1991, to be fully tax free.
As it turns out, Campanis probably will be back in baseball before the major-league owners and players report.
	Anne Crowley, a spokeswoman for the governor, said the segment was filmed in March of 1991, long before anyone knew when it would be broadcast or even if Cuomo would run again.
Implementing the salary-cap plan or spending time testifying before antitrust committees in Congress aren't parts of his solution.
He then asked her to take part in the Bach B-minor Mass at the Salzburg Easter Festival in 1990 and coached her for almost a year, but died before the work was performed.
10, she does not plan to return to New York before her Metropolitan Opera debut as Despina in a new production of ``Cosi Fan Tutte'' in January 1996.
The House, which had never passed such a bill before, approved its bill 368-55 Wednesday, accepting the arguments of proponents that states should be able to reserve their landfill space for themselves.
to allow time to campaign before Election Day.
Seattle entrepreneur Bob Walsh thinks Yeltsin picked Seattle because Washington state already has some of this country's strongest business ties with Russia, dating back to before the 1990 Goodwill Games, which Walsh helped organize.
``Engineers have to endure great emotional toll, especially if they make eye contact with the victim before impact.
California recorded 98 pedestrian deaths in 1993, more than twice as many as any other state and an increase from 63 the year before.
4, and before that, Metrolink recorded only one fatality in more than five months.
Yeltsin may hold a news conference at Boeing Field before boarding his plane for the flight to Moscow.
At Highland Park Elementary School in West Seattle Naina Yeltsin is to meet second-graders in the school's Russian-language program and watch children perform Russian folk dances before joining her husband for the harbor tour, Stafford said.
Three months before the crash, Lt. Col.
	Giorgio Armani has gone before corruption magistrates in Milan, the latest fashion figure to do so.
Ample evidence comes in the form of a new five-year, $155 million contract with the Fox network -- the NHL's first deal with a U.S. network in nearly two decades -- but especially with the labor strife that threatens to shut down the regular season before it even begins.
Bettman claims all the games will be played, and all 26 teams are making inquiries about arena availability next summer.) Also, with baseball's playoffs and World Series cancelled, and with another month to go before the National Basketball Association is to tip off its season, the NHL is in position to showcase itself to more fans than ever and cut out a greater piece of the sports pie.
These days, Milner climbs into his gold Lexus before dawn on Saturday and Sunday mornings and makes the short drive from Del Mar to San Diego and the studios of radio station XTRA (690 AM).
``That extra 12 feet made a big difference.'' Curcione had instructed celebrities before.
JUDGE DECIDES TO PRESS AHEAD WITH JURY SELECTION LOS ANGELES  (BC-SIMPSON-TRIAL-LADN) Ruling against a prosecution motion that would have prolonged jury selection, Judge Lance Ito has decided to press ahead in seating a jury before conducting a lengthy hearing on the admissibility of DNA evidence.
Deputy District Attorney William Hodgman said that if the final panel of 12 jurors and eight alternates is selected before the DNA hearing, they could be influenced by media coverage of the proceeding.
``Cautious lawyers want to know everything (about a case) before jury selecting a jury,'' Chaleff said.
JUDGE DECIDES TO PRESS AHEAD WITH JURY SELECTION LOS ANGELES  (BC-SIMPSON-TRIAL-1stLd-Writethru-LADN) Ruling against a prosecution motion that would have prolonged jury selection, Judge Lance Ito has decided to press ahead in seating a jury before conducting a lengthy hearing on the admissibility of DNA evidence.
Deputy District Attorney William Hodgman said that if the final panel of 12 jurors and eight alternates is selected before the DNA hearing, they could be influenced by media coverage of the proceeding.
``Cautious lawyers want to know everything (about a case) before jury selecting a jury,'' Chaleff said.
2, accelerated across the Santa Monica Mountains to the sea at Malibu, destroying more than 320 homes and causing an estimated $325 million in damages before it was fully contained six days later.
Jimmy, we thought, was rewriting the book on coaching a pro football team, right before our eyes.
You think I haven't hired and fired coaches before?
You think I haven't had to run players off before?
We've played two-deep zones and seven-man fronts before.
There are theories in the locker room that the occasions when Irvin swaps positions with Alvin Harper to make him the primary read have been less frequent this season than in the past and that Zampese is attempting to make certain the running game is clicking before involving Irvin more.
``I just don't know.'' Even if Messier does sign a new contract before the season, he admitted on Wednesday night that it might not be in his best interest to jump back on the ice immediately.
Some Blockbusters, for instance, are offering the tape for $6 cheaper if you swing by a store before Tuesday, and prepay.
We've all seen Lou Gehrig say, ``Today I consider myself the luckiest man on the face of the earth.'' We've never seen him sob, then strain just to place a trophy on the ground, moments before saying it.
Barge in on a classroom for a photo op to show you care about public schools (even if you haven't darkened a public school's doors since before the designated hitter.) Now one rule is ironclad.
COMMENTARY: ON TINY BACK ROADS WACO, Texas  (BC-NETHAWAY-COLUMN-COX) You have to go through a whole lot of Texas before you get out of the state.
I didn't get out of town before I remembered something I forgot to bring.
One-eyed Jack was a character, all right, and he deserved an easier, more dignified end to a life that was a very hard one before he came to live with us.
It shows Grizzard being met at the Pearly Gates by Catfish, his beloved Labrador retriever, who died a few months before Grizzard.
But I believe we convinced them that we would build something that's never been built before.'' To do that, the $65 million laboratory will construct the world's most powerful research magnets.
When I watched tapes of the Redskins this morning, you could see the Dallas Cowboys.'' Turner was hired in Washington about two months before Jimmy Johnson left the Cowboys.
But the study found that many minority women don't have adequate access to health care or to mammograms, the breast X-rays that can find the tiniest lumps before the cancer spreads.
`ANGELS IN AMERICA' STAR JESSICA PHELPS: PERSONAL LIFE HELPED PHELPS PREPARE FOR PLAY ATLANTA  (BC-ANGELSSTAR-COX) On the night before her husband, Dennis West, died from cancer, Jessica Phelps read to him from ``Angels in America.'' Several days earlier, the Atlanta actress had been signed to play the Angel in the wondrous epic drama, now at the Alliance Theatre -- a character whose disembodied, celestial voice can only be heard by a dying AIDS patient.
It's the moment just before her ``flying'' entrance at the climax of the play, when the only thing Phelps can see is her fellow actor sprawled below on his spotlighted sickbed.
``I was only nervous if I heard that Kenny'd `had a dream' the night before,'' adds Phelps, laughing.
``On that night before he left us,'' Phelps remembers, ``I read Dennis the Angel's final scene -- because it is quite short, after all -- I wasn't sure what his reaction might be.
Only a matter of time, though, before this situation is recognized as a full-fledged syndrome and major government grants are devoted to it.
Prodigy will verify this by requiring members to enter a credit card number before enabling news group access.
The vine arrived in late May and was in the ground next to our tulip tree before you could say Schizophragma hydrangeoides.
And the president shouldn't have let himself be rushed into proposing his plan before his first year was out.
``We have said before that if the Bosnian Serbs do not join the peace process and agree to the map presented by the contact group,'' he said, ``then our present approach may be exhausted, lifting the arms embargo may become unavoidable'' and U.N. forces would have to be withdrawn.
The agencies, citing privacy acts, have insisted that Anderson first get notarized permission from his kidnappers before releasing the information.
I really don't have to plead this case before you, do I?
Letters from federal agencies insisted that U.S. privacy laws required the signatures of representatives of the Islamic Jihad or Hezbollah before the information could be released to him.
WASHINGTON  (BC-STATES-MINE-NAT) -- Another reform plan before the 103rd Congress is headed for the legislative graveyard.
Down-on-his-luck Yankee talent scout Al Percolo (Brooks) gets banished to central Mexico as punishment for his latest fiasco -- signing a kid who decides God doesn't want him to pitch minutes before his first trip to the mound.
``The River Wild'' is the kind of movie that ought to come with operating instructions: ``Saturate before viewing.'' That's because when this distaff ``Deliverance'' is roiling in whitewater, it's among the most thrilling and beautiful cinematic experiences of the year.
As they rode the raft, just before it crashed over Brutus, the helicopter would lift off, and they all flew up like puppets on a big string.
They're the product of months of reporting by the New Yorker contributor Richard Preston, who set out to tell the story of the deadly new viruses that appear to be emerging from Africa's rain forests, and the men and women who are trying to contain them before they can spread, like AIDS, into the human population at large.
``Many well-known scientists who did outstanding work before the spill now find that their reputations have been tainted -- that they were used as mouthpieces,'' says Gary Shigenaka, a marine biologist with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's biological assessment team in Seattle.
``Many well-known scientists who did outstanding work before the spill now find that their reputations have been tainted -- that they were used as mouthpieces,'' says Gary Shigenaka, a marine biologist with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's biological assessment team in Seattle.
The teams will assemble in Salt Lake City a few days before the race.
They place too much emphasis on the win and burn out before realizing it's too late.
Designs are stored in a computer under individual subjects and can be altered, reduced or enlarged before being printed out and used as a model for a tattoo.
By grabbing a mission off the command center's Teletype machine, Garner hoped to get first shot at it before it went out for assignment.
And 1969 was before there were lots of U.S. prisoners in Laos.'' The Pentagon would not comment on Garner's story, except to say that there were never reports of large numbers of Americans held at a single site in Laos.
She'd done demo work with him, and then toured for three months before Trisha Yearwood became his road partner.
The third, a look at 232 children with leukemia in the Los Angeles area, found that the only persistent association was hot dogs eaten by the children, or by the father before the child's conception.
To request tickets to the show, call (312) 591-9222 at least two to three weeks before you will be in Chicago.
``It's an eye opener,'' said KTRH-Radio reporter John Cannon, whose pulse rose from 90 beats per minute shortly before the exercise to 160 at the end of the five-minute drill.
``The media tends to think that police have enough time to think things through before they shoot at someone,'' Cannon said.
But it's more than just another thrill machine: It's also an absorbing character study, a strong star vehicle for Meryl Streep, and a stunning psychological suspense piece reminiscent of Hanson's ``The Bedroom Window'' and ``The Hand That Rocks the Cradle.'' ``The River Wild'' is the story of a dysfunctional Boston family -- dissatisfied mother (Streep), workaholic architect father (David Strathairn) and lonely 10-year-old son (Joseph Mazzello) -- taking what they hope will be a bonding white-water rafting vacation on a Montana river where, years before, the mother worked as a ranger-guide.
Last year Wilder pulled out of his first proposed TV series, an NBC sitcom called ``Eligible Dentist,'' before it could reach the air.
Meeting with TV critics this past July, Wilder said he liked the comic possibilities of ``Eligible Dentist,'' before it became too personally painful.
Wilder entered as if in a trance, and stared at the assemblage until someone touched his shoulder and he seemed to awake before taking a seat.
Streep has done tacky comedy before.
Reilly as the dimwit) who exert a grim influence on Streep's smart-aleck son (played by Joseph Mazzello, the ``Jurassic Park'' know-it-all) before revealing their cruel secret and their crueler plans for Streep.
So Rogers hits the trail, intent on bringing Jeremiah home before it's too late.
They have a lot of talent at nose guard (Anthony Eosso), middle linebacker (Ed Schon and Dave Lobdell) and safety (Mike Gavio).'' FDU-Madison's coach, Bill Klika, whose team lost to Montclair State, 22-12, in last year's Pride Bowl before a standing-room crowd of 7,105, understands that the current record of each team is no sure indication of what will unfold Saturday night.
As Kra explained, ``What executive at age 45 is willing to say: `If I leave before age 64, I don't mind if I lose it all?' '' In the corporate world, Section 457 does not apply, meaning the employee benefits are vested after a short time.
Jordan previewed the panel's recommendations in August, when she testified before a Senate committee.
The employee pays little tax before retirement, and the employee can leave the insurance policy in force at retirement, further postponing taxes.
U.S. officials said they expected one coup leader, the feared Port-au-Prince police chief Michel Francois, to leave Haiti for the Dominican Republic before dawn Friday.
Nothing would happen before the Frizette, anyway, and possibly not before the Breeders' Cup.
If it did, Lukas could always file an appeal and delay it.'' Trainers are allowed to use the medication up to 36 hours before a race in New York.
The job was easier, he said, because replacements had to commit to working only up to four months before the show closes and the national tour begins.
The House may vote on the antitrust exemption before Congress adjourns next week, but action on the binding arbitration proposal likely will wait until next year, congressional aides said.
The House may vote on the antitrust exemption before Congress adjourns next week, but action on the binding arbitration proposal likely will wait until next year, congressional aides said.
No talks are under way, but Shearer and Zucker have been down this road before.
Kennedy eventually apologized, but not before one poll showed a nine-point jump in his favor.
As Kra explained, ``What executive at age 45 is willing to say: `If I leave before age 64, I don't mind if I lose it all?' '' In the corporate world, Section 457 does not apply, meaning the employee benefits can be vested.
Leo Glasser looked down at the prisoner before the bench, Salvatore Gravano -- guilty by his own count of taking part in 19 murders of his Mafia colleagues.
12 crop update from the Agriculture Department before taking new positions.
Spence and McTaggart -- with experience on the other side of human resources in downsizings and outplacements before joining Transamerica -- agree that growth is an enviable position today.
Some eager applicants mailed resumes to Transamerica's Los Angeles home office well before local hiring began.
It's just that ``Blue Sky'' is nearly 4 years old, having been completed by director Tony Richardson a few months before his death in 1991.
The South African bar sharply limits the number of barristers by insisting that one must retire before a new one can be appointed.
The South African bar sharply limits the number of barristers by insisting that one must retire before a new one can be appointed.
The one before the court involves a 1992 amendment to the Arkansas state constitution saying U.S. House members after serving three terms and U.S. senators after two terms cannot appear on state election ballots but are eligible for write-in votes.
SUPREME COURT'S TOP CASES WASHINGTON  (BC-COURT-SIDEBAR-$ADV02-HNS) Following are major cases before the Supreme Court in its 1994-1995 term: TERM LIMITS -- In 1992 Arkansas voters approved a state constitutional amendment saying U.S. House members who serve more than three terms and U.S. senators serving more than two terms cannot appear on state election ballots but are eligible for write-in votes.
That will be the true test.'' The Giants don't want to risk pushing Hampton back too soon and over the next few weeks they will watch him closely to make sure he is near 100 percent before putting him back in the mix.
The amnesty proposal now before the Haitian Parliament raises painful questions of definition and of the willingness to forgive.
There were legitimate reasons to question the Clinton policy before the unopposed landing in Haiti, among them the failure to build public and Congressional support.
Swedish inspectors had noted wear and tear on the seals on Tuesday before the ferry left on what was supposed to be a 15-hour crossing to Stockholm.
Hopcraft, of Californians for Health Security, said that the supporters hoped to raise $3 million to $4 million and would schedule their television advertising for the last few weeks before the election but that they expected the opposition to outspend them by 10 to 1.
But German stocks' decline was already well underway before then.
How can the owners turn it down?'' The announcers had gathered for the announcement of SportsChannel's ``Game Time,'' a new studio show hosted by Bob Papa that will air before Devils, Islanders, Nets and Mets games.
The chances of the bill's moving through both chambers before Congress' expected adjournment Oct.
Mike Synar, D-Okla., the bill's co-sponsor, remains hopeful that the bill could go before the full House during the current session.
The latter, a center fielder, testified before a House subcommittee on labor management relations, the body now considering a bill calling for binding arbitration and a resultant decision by March 15 should the players and owners not resolve their dispute by Feb.
The Clinton administration has been pushing hard for a vote on the pact before the election in order to boost Democrats' standing at the polls and Clinton's credibility at trade summits with Asian and Latin American leaders later this year.
The Clinton administration has been pushing hard for a vote on the pact before the election in order to boost Democrats' standing at the polls and Clinton's credibility at trade summits with Asian and Latin American leaders later this year.
There were legitimate reasons to question the Clinton policy before the unopposed landing in Haiti, among them the failure to build public and congressional support.
Then they wait in still a third line to appear before cell-like booths containing immigration inspectors trained by the Soviet Union's KGB, who then turn them out to face a gamut of customs forms and suitcase searches.
Even Russia is moving toward a market economy, though it may be many years before it works, and President Boris Yeltsin was warmly welcomed by the leaders of major industrial democracies as a participant in this year's economic summit in Naples.
Zacharski, convicted in the United States of being a communist spy before he was exchanged in 1986, as head of the Polish intelligence service caused consternation before the government withdrew the nomination this summer.
I used to feel safe before.
Taxes, by the way, are a lot higher now than they ever were before.
How long could a strike last before it would start doing some serious damage to hockey?
He talked with American and European journalists at a retreat here before the Paris Auto Show, discussing Chrysler's corporate strategy.
Behind speculation about the timing of any other rate rise by the Fed is concern by traders about just how many other tightenings it will take before inflation is offically ruled under control.
While traders have been calculating how soon the Fed will move again, the home sales may cause the market to start thinking a rate rise could occur before the November meeting of the Federal Open Market Committee, the Fed's policy-making arm.
``But not before the release of the employment report, inflation data and retail sales for September due out by mid-October,'' Hoffman said.
He figures the Fed will want to see and digest the most recent data before deciding.
``We've worked with huge international agencies before,'' said Craig Morton, marketing director at Compar, which also sells fragrances like Paco Rabanne, Quorum and XS in addition to Caroline Herrera and Herrera for Men.
``I've been through it before.
Gary Bettman, the commissioner of hockey, has openly said he did not want to give the players a chance to strike in the middle of a season, or just before the Stanley Cup playoffs, the way they did two years ago.
But they had openly expressed doubts about Nannery even before the scandal broke, sometimes to the point of confronting him.
U.S. officials said they expected one coup leader, the feared Port-au-Prince police chief Michel Francois, to leave Haiti for the Dominican Republic before dawn Friday.
Negotiations in Flint adjourned shortly before 5 p.m. Thursday, with the issue of hiring more permanent workers still separating the two sides.
But before Hollings acted, he and other apparel-state lawmakers had already managed to add pretty much everything the industry wanted to the legislation, which underwent a last-minute flurry of political deal-making worth hundreds of millions of dollars to influential American companies.
``There is no way that it is broadly understood by the membership, and I find it incredible that they want to bring up a bill of this magnitude, equal to the health bill, and put it through before we leave,'' said Rep.
The Clinton administration has been pushing hard for a vote on the pact before the election in order to boost Democrats' standing at the polls and Clinton's credibility at trade summits with Asian and Latin American leaders later this year.
Oxley, R-Ohio, recited a litany of issues that Congress had failed to act on this session: ``Health care, Superfund, GATT, A-to-Z spending cuts, clean water, immigration reform, welfare reform, telecommunications legislation, campaign finance reform, middle-class tax cut, a debate and a vote on Haiti, capital gains cut, congressional reform, balanced budget, line-item veto, on and on and on, and we stand before the American public and say, `We're going to flog ourselves in public' and somehow they're going to forgive us and re-elect us.
``Would you believe this bill approves of a lobbyist giving you a $5,000 PAC contribution at one instance but it prohibits that very same person from taking you to McDonald's?'' He said the bill carried an implicit, demeaning message: ``Stop me before I accept another cup of coffee.'' Rep.
The Clinton administration has been pushing hard for a vote on the pact before the election in order to boost Democrats' standing at the polls and Clinton's credibility at trade summits with Asian and Latin American leaders later this year.
President Clinton has promised leaders of other countries that there would be a vote before the end of the year.
The deal was not announced because, as a matter of courtesy, Mr. Mitchell does not make scheduling decisions public before they are cleared with Republican leaders.
But Hollings, the Democratic chairman of the commerce committee and a staunch opponent of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, announced Wednesday that he would take advantage of rules that allow his committee to spend 45 days on the pact, not counting weekends and holidays, before legislation putting it into effect can be brought to a vote.
Most other countries are waiting for the United States to act before they formally ratify the pact.
8 congressional elections to vote on the trade legislation if it could not be handled before the scheduled adjournment.
U.S. STILL PONDERS JAPAN SANCTIONS AS TRADE DEADLINE LOOMS WASHINGTON  (BC-TRADE-JAPAN-700&add-NYT) With prospects of a trade agreement with Japan highly uncertain before Friday's midnight deadline, top American officials have been trying to persuade currency traders that if Washington imposes limited sanctions on Tokyo, it need not lead to a plunge in the dollar nor to instability in financial markets.
The president made clear that he was ready for a ``get-tough'' policy, if the Japanese did not agree to American demands to open key sectors of their markets before the deadline of midnight Friday, aides said.
Then, just before the summit, Russian intelligence chief Yevgeny Primakov issued a report calling on the Commonwealth of Independent States -- the loose grouping that supposedly replaced the Soviet Union -- to approve the creation of a common economic and ``defense'' space.
Her allegiance to good government has been tested again in recent days and is likely to tried again before Congress shuts down.
Ito also has questioned potential jurors about their availability for a sequestration of several weeks, which probably refers to the time he expects it will take the jury to deliberate before reaching a verdict.
But numerous problems remain, and Yeltsin, in a passionate speech before 800 West Coast business leaders here Thursday, tried to allay many of the fears.
``We have taken those missiles off target.'' Seattle was the only city outside New York and Washington on Yeltsin's tour, before he flew back to Russia on Thursday night.
Levine, who was a top Hollywood lawyer before joining Sony with Guber and is relatively inexperienced in filmmaking.
Perhaps that realization will become more apparent before the markets really spin out of control.
``We expect a decision on that appeal sometime in November.'' The doctor was brought before New York licensing officials on charges of improper testing of patients, filing bogus billings and employing faulty procedures in at least two abortions.
Sitting in the quiet office of ``Welcome Disney,'' an 8,000-member citizens' group organized to blunt the opposition, Ron Hancock, the group's treasurer, pondered a question he never imagined before Wednesday night.
The motion noted how in the 1968 prosecution of Dr. Benjamin Spock for anti-Vietnam war activities, court officers furnished jurors with entertainment, food from the best restaurants and martinis before dining.
Perhaps that realization will become more apparent before the markets really spin out of control.
``There's less oil in the ground than before we started,'' said Bergen, a member of the restoration team, which along with 400 volunteers replanted the grass and is now taking painstaking measure of this season's results.
``The literature said this would never work.'' Many people also suggested that the kill was too far gone even before the spill, unlike the pristine Gulf of Alaska, where the freighter Exxon Valdez had spilled much more oil almost a year earlier.
Kaye, 53, has been working at the Daily News since 1985, as an assistant city editor and city editor before becoming assistant managing editor in 1990.
	With prospects of a trade pact with Japan uncertain before Friday's deadline, top U.S. officials have argued that imposing sanctions on Tokyo need not destabilize financial markets.
``Jupiter will look much as Jupiter always did before the comet hit.'' 
In testimony before City Council on Thursday, Schools Chancellor Ramon C.
Lindros, with his father, Carl, tending to the role of agent, said he needed and wanted to agree to contract terms with the Islanders before midnight Friday.
And I'd sign for what some other rookies have turned down.'' Islander General Manager Don Maloney said the team's fears that the league might wind up imposing a rookie salary cap would not be a deal-breaker in his attempts to get Lindros signed before the deadline.
Coach Marty Schottenheimer said before the start of the season that he wanted to split the running-back work between Allen and Hill down the middle.
If he comes outside, the back is sitting in there in a position to chip him and keep the pocket solid.'' The Chiefs protected Joe Montana well in their first three games before breaking down against the Rams.
Meanwhile, Anderson said police found the bronze 1983 Cadillac described by witnesses as seen near the apartment complex the week before Rene disappeared.
But investigators later learned that Demetrius Hall went to the brother-in-law's Irving home the Monday before the abduction and that his brother, Orlando Hall, arrived Wednesday, Anderson said.
In a recent case before the state's Supreme Court, he won a decision that overturned 62 years of precedent in Connecticut workers' compensation cases, allowing a decedent's estate to recover benefits that had previously been denied.
He also favors parental notification before a girl under 16 can have an abortion.
Papi said the complex had been cited before the explosion because of the lack of a second access road and a second water line.
``We would like it if it was like before they killed Czar Nicholas II.'' George Kalfov, the president of the Russian Community Center, attended services at St. Nicholas Thursday before rushing off to attend the business luncheon for Yeltsin.
Yeltsin did manage to fit in a brief visit with a Seattle family Thursday afternoon before his flight to Moscow.
In many industries the developing countries are offering much stiffer competition than before, and this will continue.
Unless they start to act soon, the alarmists may win more converts, and the marvelous opportunity that is now before the world may be jeopardized.
In many industries the developing countries are offering much stiffer competition than before, and this will continue.
Unless they start to act soon, the alarmists may win more converts, and the marvelous opportunity that is now before the world may be jeopardized.
In many industries the developing countries are offering much stiffer competition than before, and this will continue.
Unless they start to act soon, the alarmists may win more converts, and the marvelous opportunity that is now before the world may be jeopardized.
``When she shook my hand, I think she said `hi' in English.'' ``I never shook a VIP's hand before,'' said Jewel, 9.
``This has never happened before.'' Interstate 5 was closed to other traffic as Yeltsin's motorcade, nearly a quarter-mile long, made its way from Everett to the Westin Hotel in downtown Seattle.
Awed neighbors, who had not been told beforehand of Yeltsin's visit, lined the sidewalks and leaned out of open windows.
But on the crime bill Clinton had to bow and scrape before House Republicans; and health-care reform is now officially deceased.
But on the crime bill Clinton had to bow and scrape before House Republicans; and health-care reform is now officially deceased.
But on the crime bill Clinton had to bow and scrape before House Republicans; and health-care reform is now officially deceased.
``I'm happier now than I ever was before,'' Jackson said.
I believe that by doing a lot of things that make players think too much before the snap, you tie them down.
14, and the hockey players staged a 10-day strike in April 1992, endangering the playoffs before agreeing to a new deal.
Victims first suffer severe mental problems, including depression, impulsiveness, poor judgment and sometimes violent behavior, before physical deterioration sets in.
Susan Caldwell, 27, said the test has brought a ertainty to her life that was missing before.
The two resorts, back before the Great Depression and between world wars, used to have baseball games against each other, the black employees being recruited to make up the teams.
With all that going for him Wallace, who has won two of the last three races at North Wilkesboro before Sunday's Tyson Holly Farms 400, should feel confident.
He's got to go a couple of laps down two or three times, or start having tire failures.'' At Martinsville, a half-mile track where Earnhardt had failed to finish three of four times before last Sunday, the championship was played out in microcosm.
Each new design and fabric is tested with consumers before production.
A typical chapter heading: ``How to Please a Man Every Time and Have Him Okay Maybe Not Beg for More but at Least Not Demand a Whole Lot Less.'' HARDBACK FICTION: ``Half Asleep in Frog Pajamas,'' by Tom Robbins (Bantam, $23.95): When the stock market crashes on the Thursday before Easter, a young stockbroker has to scramble to cover his losses before Monday.
In many industries the developing countries are offering much stiffer competition than before, and this will continue.
Unless they start to act soon, the alarmists may win more converts, and the marvelous opportunity that is now before the world may be jeopardized.
In many industries the developing countries are offering much stiffer competition than before, and this will continue.
Unless they start to act soon, the alarmists may win more converts, and the marvelous opportunity that is now before the world may be jeopardized.
In many industries the developing countries are offering much stiffer competition than before, and this will continue.
Unless they start to act soon, the alarmists may win more converts, and the marvelous opportunity that is now before the world may be jeopardized.
But on the crime bill Clinton had to bow and scrape before House Republicans; and health-care reform is now officially deceased.
But on the crime bill Clinton had to bow and scrape before House Republicans; and health-care reform is now officially deceased.
But on the crime bill Clinton had to bow and scrape before House Republicans; and health-care reform is now officially deceased.
Retired men in short-sleeved shirts say that the last time they were on a jury, ``One person ruined it because her mind was made up before the trial even started.'' These are people we would never think of voting into office, and yet we trust them with a more important office, that of ultimate arbiter in our judicial system.
Two women showed up at the O.J. building carrying juror notices and, astonished at the line of press outside, one said, ``Is this the line for jurors?'' No, it's just the line for those who do the convicting beforehand.
``I have disagreed with the Stalinist-style government that was set up in Cuba before,'' Martin said.
Frank Sosa, who was raised by family in Los Angeles, said he hadn't been able to go to Cuba before because of prior Cuban restrictions on people who left during the Mariel Boatlift.
AMATEUR SLEUTHS GET A CHANCE TO SOLVE A REAL-LIFE MYSTERY SAN FRANCISCO  (BC-POLICE-SLEUTHS-HNS) It's a little before midnight, and a 42-year-old man is tired after a long day of overseeing work at his Chinese noodle factory in Hunters Point in San Francisco.
``A million people were employed as domestic servants in Britain before 1940 and nearly as many in France and Germany.
The French historian noted that postwar egalitarianism made domestic service appear demeaning and unworthy -- a view that had not been prevalent before.
``A million people were employed as domestic servants in Britain before 1940 and nearly as many in France and Germany.
The French historian noted that postwar egalitarianism made domestic service appear demeaning and unworthy -- a view that had not been prevalent before.
His finished films before ``Stealin' Home'' are the short features ``Weekend of Our Discontent'' (1991) and ``Mea Culpa'' (1993), both hailed as thoughtful examinations of class hostilities, black/white relations and human isolation.
Founded in the 1680s, almost a hundred years before the American Revolution, the homestead contains a reconstructed manor house, one of the finest collections of 17th-century furniture, bake and brew houses, blacksmith and joiner's shops, and extensive gardens.
Fulshear rallied behind its winning team, giving the crew a going-away party before the national race and a victory parade when they returned.
Hertz offers rental cars at the station, but be aware that returns must be made before 4 p.m. on Sundays.
In the end, the dynamics of the distressing marriage become the central interest of the film, principally because -- have you heard this before?
The film was completed in 1991, which was before Jones got very big with ``The Fugitive.'' Fact is, ``Blue Sky'' was supposed to be Lange's picture, and she gets the most screen time.
Now living and working in Brisbane, Australia, Ken Pontak and David Bleiman worked with animator Art Clockey on ``The New Adventures of Gumby'' before branching off on their own.
Behrman sold Alexander to several New York investors in 1988, two years before she died at 95.
Planting now gives roots a chance to become established before spring triggers new top growth, which puts extra demands on root systems.
According to the Jiangsu Legal Daily, 14 criminals were executed in mid-September in Nanking, ``to assure social security and order before and after National Day.'' 
According to the Jiangsu Legal Daily, 14 criminals were executed in mid-September in Nanking, ``to assure social security and order before and after National Day.'' 
Chambers expects the dolls, which go on sale in November, to sell out before Christmas -- when the film opens.
``We'll call our regular customers before we get a special line and take pre-orders,'' he said.
AT&T executives say they are painfully aware of the past problems in re-inventing the consumer telephone, and they say they worked closely with consumer focus groups both before selecting particular applications and while developing the actual products.
Endeavour and the flight crew of seven will spend 10 days in orbit before returning to Earth.
Riccio, described as a gifted student of Russian language who was determined to live among Russians, had arrived in Moscow only 10 days before his death, The embassy said other American students who had been living in Riccio's rundown dormitory have been moved to other housing.
Endeavour and the flight crew of seven will spend 10 days in orbit before returning to Earth.
The Ohio Democrat said he withdrew his bill to restrict the exemption because he thought it could not pass before Congress's scheduled adjournment Oct.
The Ohio Democrat said he withdrew his bill to restrict the exemption because he thought it could not pass before Congress's scheduled adjournment Oct.
``If you're taking votes in the middle of June,'' said Howard, who replaces the former Giants fullback Jarrod Bunch as the player representative, ``who the hell is voting?'' Howard said that the team got a look at the list of signatures and saw that of the 44 players who voted for the new agreement, the names consisted mostly of ``guys I had never heard of before.'' He jokingly said that the maintenance worker who works on the air-conditioning was on the list.
But he didn't count on the time and money it would take before his Shopper's Helper made it into stores.
The Agriculture Department report, which was released before the markets opened, showed 2.06 billion bushels of wheat on hand in the United States as of Sept.
``Evidently, a lot of people were using wheat to feed livestock in June and July before prices really ran.'' Kansas City wheat futures closed up as much as 163/4 cents a bushel.
The stock tied its one-year low earlier this week, before rebounding somewhat.
Even before the killing of Hasni, Saadi's movement threatened to take up arms if Lounes was not returned immediately.
Harris Wofford, D-Pa., said they hope and expect differences will be worked out next week and final votes taken before Congress adjourns later next week.
Mitchell added, ``I have confidence that GATT will pass this year.'' But he declined to say how many Senate votes there are for GATT and would not discuss the failure of the White House in securing its passage before the Nov.
Ernest ``Fritz'' Hollings announced Wednesday he would exercise his prerogative as chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee to use the full 45 days allotted to him under Senate rules to consider the GATT proposal, thereby dashing Clinton's hopes of getting the pact approved before the election.
Joseph Kennedy II, D-Mass., said Friday he and other Democrats were concerned that voting for GATT before the election would dampen the enthusiasm of union members campaigning for Democrats.
Shortly before Jordan released the report, several immigration advocacy groups had held a press conference criticizing Jordan's ideas.
Weeks before Caldera took the oath of office, Banco Latino -- Venezuela's second largest bank -- collapsed, setting off other bank failures.
Weeks before Caldera took the oath of office, Banco Latino -- Venezuela's second largest bank -- collapsed, setting off other bank failures.
What he didn't count on was the time and money it would take before his idea would make it to stores -- 13 years and at least $20,000, funded by his job as a private investigator.
``Look, in the Senate they respect someone who is intelligent, someone who works hard, someone who gets the job done,'' said Quayle, who was a senator from Indiana before becoming vice president in 1989.
``I was wondering how long it would be before the other escapee cartoons would come out, and it's all starting to happen,'' West said.
Do the self-examination on the way to work, she suggests in the book, ``before you become exhausted from doing all the things you don't like to do.'' Some traditional guidelines have fallen by the wayside.
18 was aborted less than two seconds before liftoff when a shuttle computer detected a slight overheating of a high-speed oxygen pump, causing an automatic engine shutdown.
So far, there's been only one credit card loss, of $30, said Linda Sanders, the bank's president who had been president and chief executive of the Equitable Bank of Littleton (a Denver bank for grown-ups) before forming her own bank consulting company.
TWINING ENDS RACING CAREER  (BC-RAC-TWINING-NYT) Twining, the 3-year-old colt who won five straight races before trying to catch Holy Bull in the Dwyer Stakes nearly three months ago, came to the end of his racing career Friday when he was retired to Kentucky as a stallion.
In this appearance before the editorial writers the quirky, sometimes unpredictable exponent of all things green, was speaking as the nation's chief of the Interior, magnificent examples of which Arizona has in abundance.
] Although he became a belated darling of the media in the final days before the Iowa caucuses and the New Hampshire primary, it was much too little too late.
They effectively convey their confusion and frustration as they watch their denial-driven daughter waste away before their eyes.
The one before the court involves a 1992 amendment to the Arkansas state constitution saying U.S. House members after serving three terms and U.S. senators after two terms cannot appear on state election ballots but are eligible for write-in votes.
The building's owners, an Irish real-estate concern that acquired several trophy properties before falling on hard times, quietly the mansion on the block more than two years ago and has yet to find a buyer at the asking price.
More problematically, the current owners have yet to discuss the rent increase with Polo, which under the lease has to agree to a fair market value for the property before the rent can be recalculated.
It is also possible that it is holding back so as not to agitate its sole tenant before it sells the property.
Do the self-examination on the way to work, she suggests in the book, ``before you become exhausted from doing all the things you don't like to do.'' Some traditional guidelines have fallen by the wayside.
-- MARVIN WASHINGTON said of his hyperextended knee: ``I guess the decision will come two hours before game time.'' He has started 51 straight games.
By the time the day was done, O'Donnell's quarterback rating, which was at 85.4 before the Seattle fiasco, plunged to 70, second-worst in the AFC.
``They'll have those games, and if that's the case, that's why Mike Tomczak is here.'' But O'Donnell has felt the heat before and survived.
The last visit occurred in 1980, the year before Richard Breyer became principal of the elementary school, which is named the Arturo Toscanini School.
After the Depression lifted, he did fashion and portrait work in New York -- he had a stand at the Orange County State Fair -- before moving to Newport Beach, where he still lives.
One is dead, one is traumatized and the other is also traumatized sitting here before you, knowing you hold the key to his future.'' As Gribetz laid out the case, Summers, a stocky young man with plaintive eyes, sat somber and motionless in his seat.
Nappi played dead for a while, he said, before running to a nearby building and calling the police.
Dagley said that one improvement in the exhibit is a new section on the history of the war in the Pacific before the bombing.
When the company took that step, it took a loss both on the swaps and also on bonds, since it had to make prepayment penalties for retiring the bonds before they matured.
``We had a $50 billion portfolio of fixed-income obligations before the restructuring,'' Ms. Peterson said.
in Tyson's Corner, Va. ``As a result, people are now hoping that the Fed will wait until November before hiking rates, giving the market a little relief until then,'' he said.
an ambassador (representing the underground) before the revolution.
``Many years before I actually got to write,'' she said, she envisioned the two women at the center of ``The Inhabited Woman'' who were separated by time.
``I'd worked with John before in New York theater, and I could tell that Ralph was very smart and a good actor from the first sentence out of his mouth,'' Morrow said.
Speaking before his January departure was announced, Morrow indicated that, at one speed or another, he seemed to be on his way out.
With less than a week left before Congress' scheduled adjournment Friday, the top priority for most Democrats is getting out of Washington as fast as possible.
House Democratic leaders, who acknowledge that they will lose clout in the next Congress, hope to hold down their losses with intense campaigning in the final weeks before the election.
``Have you ever done this before?'' he asked.
The nation has just two independent governors, Lowell Weicker of Connecticut and Walter Hickel of Alaska, and both were well known before they ran.
But unlike most Democratic candidates, Kennedy ``will be happy to campaign with Clinton anywhere, anytime,'' according to Kennedy aide Pamela Hughes, who added that Clinton plans to stump for the senator in Massachusetts sometime before the election.
He encouraged the inevitable comparisons between himself and another young, eloquent Democrat, and before his inauguration, he knelt at the slain president's gravesite to pray.
On Thursday, Clinton visited privately with Kennedy and his wife Victoria for over an hour before joining the rest of the guests.
``The sad part is that kids grow up before you realize it,'' said the father of two children with his first wife, and the stepfather of his second wife's two children.
His partisans held their breath in Manhattan on Wednesday when the senator twice lost his place in the speech unveiling his keystone campaign stratagem, the tax-cut promise, before the Citizens Budget Commission.
The most likely deal in the area of insurance would involve a Japanese agreement to eliminate rules requiring U.S. companies to consult with Japanese competitors before introducing products.
He's even better than we thought he'd be, a better leader than we thought.'' Even Keenan, who was suspended by Bettman for 60 days before he could take over the Blues, had kind words for Bettman.
Officials of the space agency said they were pleased with the smooth launching, particularly since the first attempt to fly the mission six weeks ago ended in a dangerous engine shutdown 1.9 seconds before liftoff.
Bursch of the Navy and Dr. Peter (Jeff) J.K. Wisoff, who have both flown once before.
And the copper rally from December 1989 to August 1990 got going before the 21 percent decline in the Dow Jones industrial average between July and October of 1990.
And since conventional wisdom has it that the stock market turns down 6 to 12 months before the nation's recovery goes kaput, the copper rally could be bad news.
At their peak, quiz-show viewers numbered more than 50 million, and sponsors had to prepare by delivering extra quantities of advertised products to local stores before the shows aired.
No one complained when they dropped out before graduation, and they'd been expected to start working right away anyway.
It vowed to seek another site in Virginia, but given all the regulatory hoops it must jump through, it'll be years after 1998 -- the original target -- before it opens.
Acting partly on criteria set before the study began, the monitoring committee said that the study should be stopped prematurely ``and physicians be advised immediately of its results.'' The study was carried out at 39 medical centers in the United States and Canada and entered patients from 1988 through 1992.
Ten percent did not accept surgery, Toole said in a brief interview before he declined to answer further questions, in part because they involved controversial points, until they were published in a journal.
EAGLE HARDWARE CLARIFIES EARNING EXPECTATIONS SEATTLE  (BC-EAGLE-SPI) The stock price of Eagle Hardware & Garden rose slightly Friday as the company clarified an earlier announcement that had sent its price tumbling the day before.
The year before it was the No. 1 loser among mutual funds, squandering 61 cents of every dollar of its shareholders' capital.
He has done it mostly by taking a leaf from the voluminous fund-raising manual of the Republicans before him, and using the prestige and power of the White House for Democratic financial gain.
``The time before we were in the White House and now just makes a world of difference,'' waxed Hugh Westbrook, a Methodist minister from Miami who is finance chairman of the Democratic Party's Senatorial committee.
(George Stephanopoulos, Panetta's aide de camp, has done about a half-dozen, many at Greek-American functions.) But before the dinners, less visible political operations in the party and the White House work to insure that donors feel that their money has done some good, either for candidates or for themselves.
You can go to one if you want.'' And people do; before Clinton spoke nine days ago at a senatorial campaign dinner in Washington, for example, donors at the million-dollar event met with administration officials for briefings on issues.
He said he would consult with union representatives and other players Saturday in Toronto before resuming the bargaining.
And he made it clear that the owners want to have either a collective bargaining agreement or substantive progress toward one before they start playing games.
It has to do with opportunities the sport has before it.'' He referred to the increased interest in hockey, attested to by a five-year, $155 million television deal with the Fox network and soaring revenue from licensed merchandise.
``We absolutely support our position that before we drop the puck to play hockey this year, there has to be a new CBA in place,'' he said.
The marchers, growing hesitant and nervous a little before noon as their route took them near a street corner long controlled by the attaches, wildly cheered the first appearance of an American convoy.
Several questions deal with Simpson's notoriety before June 12, when the bloody bodies of his former wife and a friend, Ronald Lyle Goldman, were found outside Ms. Simpson's home in the Brentwood neighborhood of Los Angeles.
They beat the remaining demonstrators, scattering the crowd before returning to FRAPH headquarters, where they slapped hands with the attaches.
I'm glad to be getting out before the mushroom cloud.
``There is a more intense bitterness than before.
He said he would consult with union representatives and other players Saturday in Toronto before resuming the bargaining.
And he made it clear that the owners want to have either a collective bargaining agreement or substantive progress toward one before they start playing games.
It has to do with opportunities the sport has before it.'' He referred to the increased interest in hockey, attested to by a five-year, $155 million television deal with the Fox network and soaring revenue from licensed merchandise.
``We absolutely support our position that before we drop the puck to play hockey this year, there has to be a new CBA in place,'' he said.
Most analysts who follow the company had departed for the weekend when the announcement was made shortly before 6 p.m., making it difficult to obtain objective commentary about the company's move.
This media event was a counterpunch to one held the day before in Toronto by the Players Association, when the workers called the bluff of Commissioner Gary Bettman.
``If he stands there long enough, I will knock him out,'' McGirt said before tonight's weigh-in, which was interrupted by a phoned-in bomb threat, at the Norfolk Omni hotel.
The Simpsons' interracial marriage, the defendant's plea of ``no contest'' to a 1989 charge of spousal battery and his purchase of a 15-inch knife in the weeks before the murders have been well-publicized.
The current contract between GM and the union permits temporaries to work no more than 120 days before they become permanent and then are entitled to fringe benefits and union wage scales.
Given the rhetoric being slung from both sides, it will take a lot of work before anything gets done by the 15th.
But he didn't count on the time and money it would take before his Shopper's Helper made it into stores.
Endeavour and the flight crew of seven will spend 10 days in orbit before returning to Earth.
But he didn't count on the time and money it would take before his Shopper's Helper made it into stores.
Endeavour and the flight crew of seven will spend 10 days in orbit before returning to Earth.
But he didn't count on the time and money it would take before his Shopper's Helper made it into stores.
Endeavour and the flight crew of seven will spend 10 days in orbit before returning to Earth.
The official said that reports by fellow American students that Riccio ``seemed distraught'' shortly before his death made him suspect suicide, while the Russian coroner's report that he had died of ``mechanical asphyxiation'' indicated the possibility of murder.
But he didn't count on the time and money it would take before his Shopper's Helper made it into stores.
Endeavour and the flight crew of seven will spend 10 days in orbit before returning to Earth.
After having total control all those years (before), maybe that irks (the owners) a little bit.'' Slap shots: In somewhat of a surprising move, general manager Sam McMaster said winger Rob Brown has cleared waivers and been loaned to the Phoenix Roadrunners in the IHL.
Whitman must close a gap of more than $2 billion in the budget that will begin next July before even factoring in $700 million in state income, which will have been lost to tax cuts that are already on the books by the end of the 1996 budget year.
Checketts plans to meet with Oakley's representatives again before camp.
Those teams have to try and catch us before they can pass us.'' But Rivers also knows the Knicks will probably trade a point guard before the season begins, most likely either Rivers or Greg Anthony.
I'm going to do as much as I can during camp, but I don't want to be dumb about it.'' Bound for Charleston The Knicks will spend the first four days of training camp in Purchase, N.Y., before traveling to Charleston, S.C., for four more days of work.
Shortly before Jordan released the report, several immigration advocacy groups had held a press conference criticizing Jordan's ideas.
