Sweltering SKK Stadium resembled a steamroom late into the night after temperatures again climbed into the high 80s by mid-afternoon.
Sunday night she slipped behind Kochetkova after two events, and despite a brilliant performance in her finale, the floor exercise, failed to overtake the Russian who had been expected to be her top competition.
Jackson's score came on the first play after a Cowboys turnover forced by the second-line defense.
Gonzalez went after Brown and had to be restrained by Jose Canseco and hitting coach Willie Upshaw.
	McKinney was awarded the account after a three-month review that began with 16 agencies, narrowed to 9 and then to 2 finalists: McKinney and DDB Needham Chicago.
	Jim Harman, G.E.'s manager of corporate advertising in Fairfield, Conn., said BBDO was awarded the account after a 10-week review that was narrowed to two other finalists: Ammirati & Puris/Lintas and Young & Rubicam, both of New York.
Jackson's development is made more important by the possibility that Irvin and Harper might leave via free agency after the upcoming season.
Nothing is guaranteed in this league and in life, period.'' LASSIC INJURED Backup tailback Derrick Lassic went to a hospital for X-rays after he either separated his quadriceps muscle from his right knee or suffered a sprained right knee in the first half.
Miami Dolphins coach Don Shula, surrounded by rumors of being replaced by former Cowboys coach Jimmy Johnson because of Johnson's popularity after his success at the University of Miami, told NBC yesterday: ``I think I've got a pretty good history here in Miami, too.
``Classical music gives you a grounding in Western culture,'' Marsalis said late one night, after taping the segment on Sousa and jazz between his band and the Tanglewood orchestra.
None of this, of course, will appear on the broadcasts, videocassettes, laser disks or interactive videos that are scheduled for release after the lessons are shown on PBS stations in September 1995.
And after she was awarded a paltry $8 a week, her former boyfriend smacked her with a custody suit.
Lee as soon as the Civil War began, came home immediately after seeing his very first battle and stayed home where, having granted himself the title ``Colonel,'' he spent the next four years enlisting fresh troops for the Confederacy.
They were hired to share one academic position after their 1974 ordinations and later were given individual posts at the school.
Why close our school?'' No one forgets the inequities in resources: the school system of the early 1950s in Wilmington that spent $65.72 a month on its black students while spending $168.73 on whites, the old school books that went to the black school after whites finished with them.
You don't find black folk longing to go to the North anymore, but up there they're always talking about wanting to go South, wanting to go home.'' After the Baptist church service in Smithdale, after Jack Morgan had even the white folks hollering over his shouting, sweating, stomping gospel rendition of ``The Little Country Church on the Hill,'' after a parade of black and white ministers had said that the service should be a beginning, not an end, everyone spilled outside.
``Every year they release two liberal Democrats in the wild here so they don't become an endangered species,'' said Kaye, 36, a first-term state representative who grew up on Long Island and moved to Georgia after going to college in Florida.
``These people want safety, and they believe big cities have failed and are controlled by people who are incapable of delivering goods and services,'' said Gingrich, who narrowly survived the Republican primary two years ago when he first ran in Cobb after Georgia legislators redistricted the state.
John Greaves, a gay resident who became a spokesman for opponents of the county, left the county after living there for four years, he said, because of harassment and threatening phone calls.
Our history is marked by evangelical religious movements in wave after wave.
(HarperCollins, $24.) A woman tries to cope after an act of violence destroys her perfect family life.
The experiences of women after the deaths of their mothers.
	(Pocket, $6.99) A mother and her teen-age 	daughter go on a spree after winning 	$60 million in a lottery.
6, after replacing some 800 casualti es.
NEW CAR REVIEW: MONTE CARLO IS SENSIBLE, BUT OFFERS LITTLE SIZZLE  (BC-NEW-CAR-REVIEW-MONTE-CARLO-COX) Seven years after it vanished from the Chevrolet lineup, the Monte Carlo nameplate is back -- on what could easily have been just a midsize Lumina coupe.
Each of these was a period in which one party had just gained control of Congress after many years in the minority.
NEW CAR REVIEW: MONTE CARLO IS SENSIBLE, BUT OFFERS LITTLE SIZZLE  (BC-NEW-CAR-REVIEW-MONTE-CARLO-COX) Seven years after it vanished from the Chevrolet lineup, the Monte Carlo nameplate is back -- on what could easily have been just a midsize Lumina coupe.
Now, after sanding and finishing, you're done.
On the other hand, the current governor, Lawton Chiles, made his own career after walking all over the state and then showing people how worn out his hiking shoes were.
``Dad, what does wearing cheap shoes have to do with being governor?'' asked my son after seeing the commercial the third time.
It is this fear, among other things, that has led to comparisons with Salman Rushdie, the Indian-born writer who remains under round-the-clock police guard in Britain years after Iran's Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini called on Muslims to kill him for what the ayatollah deemed blasphemy against Islam.
Automap Streets appeared only a couple of weeks after a new version of City Streets from Road Scholar ($100).
It was not an illogical fear, Wills said, arguing that historically, after the Romantic movement freed artists from dependence on official benefactors, many became inherently subversive.
The London bombings also came just a day after Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin of Israel and King Hussein of Jordan signed a peace declaration in Washington, further enraging Islamic extremists who oppose peace with Israel.
Sometime after the 1996 Olympic Closing Ceremonies?
That is, after all, no more a given.
The offer price on average has been 53 percent higher than the stock's trading price the day before the announcement, up from 36 percent last year, according to the Securities Data Co. So the stock price of the target company tends to run up immediately after the announcement, though not always to the amount of the bid, reflecting the possibility that the deal might not be completed.
So there is, without a shadow of a doubt, risk.'' Conservative investors should nail down a gain, possibly by ``selling half of their shares when the stock opens after the bid,'' said Robert Gordon, president of Twenty-First Securities, a money management firm.
A somewhat conservative investor in QVC might have chosen to shed half his holdings after the first announcement and half of his remaining stake after each subsequent report.
Hoping to capture this flow, the government has just lifted a ban on Cubans shopping in dollar stores -- after doubling prices, of course.
DAMASCUS  (BC-DAMASCUS'-MOVE-ECONOMIST) ``A black day in the history of Jordan,'' proclaimed Syria's state-controlled newspapers on July 26, the day after the Washington summit that formally ended Jordan's state of war with Israel.
In remarks made at Damascus airport last week after a chat with Egypt's Hosni Mubarak, the Syrian suggested that it is all a matter of timing.
``Assad would rather go down in history as a man who did not sell out to the Israelis than accept a halfway deal.'' Syria's strongman remains in power after 24 years because he knows how to adjust to new conditions and because he knows how to wait.
Potentially more explosive hearings on the removal of documents from the office of Vincent Foster, the deputy White House counsel, after his suicide last July, will follow later, probably in the autumn.
Rumor has it that Vice-President Al Gore is in charge of the search for a secretary of state to replace Warren Christopher after November's midterm elections.
It did not hurt Ronald Reagan to have an approval rating of only 39 percent at the equivalent stage of his presidency, nor did it help George Bush to have 60 percent approval after 18 months in office.
DAMASCUS  (BC-DAMASCUS'-MOVE-ECONOMIST) ``A black day in the history of Jordan,'' proclaimed Syria's state-controlled newspapers on July 26, the day after the Washington summit that formally ended Jordan's state of war with Israel.
In remarks made at Damascus airport last week after a chat with Egypt's Hosni Mubarak, the Syrian suggested that it is all a matter of timing.
``Assad would rather go down in history as a man who did not sell out to the Israelis than accept a halfway deal.'' Syria's strongman remains in power after 24 years because he knows how to adjust to new conditions and because he knows how to wait.
Potentially more explosive hearings on the removal of documents from the office of Vincent Foster, the deputy White House counsel, after his suicide last July, will follow later, probably in the autumn.
Rumor has it that Vice-President Al Gore is in charge of the search for a secretary of state to replace Warren Christopher after November's midterm elections.
It did not hurt Ronald Reagan to have an approval rating of only 39 percent at the equivalent stage of his presidency, nor did it help George Bush to have 60 percent approval after 18 months in office.
Some of baseball's Sominex Effect has to do with players such as David Justice of the Braves who, after each pitch, steps out of the batter's box, has a short conversation with -- who?
(Snore-snore-snore.) There are other batters such as Lenny Dykstra of the Phillies who insist on stepping away to pull the Velcro up from their batting gloves after every pitch, then replacing it in exactly the same position.
Those sources report that he arrived in this country, somewhere in rural Arkansas under cover of darkness, shortly after the 1992 election on a secret flight of an SR-71 Blackbird spy plane under contract to the Council on Foreign Relations.
This mysterious alien had been dismissed by Yeltsin after revelations surfaced that a Moscow medical school had flunked him for selling World War II-vintage vaccines to the American Mafia.
A few days after landing safely in Arkansas, he met Hillary at a barbecue in Hot Springs and established a fast friendship, and the results of the dark health-care conspiracy now are clear for all to see.
Often allegations were made public only after they had been made part of a court record.
The Texas senator said that she is scrambling to meet her money targets after falling behind because of the distraction of facing ethics charges.
The nutria was declared eliminated there in 1992 after a 10-year, $5 million trapping campaign.
The nutria was declared eliminated there in 1992 after a 10-year, $5 million trapping campaign.
Potentially more explosive hearings on the removal of documents from the office of Vincent Foster, the deputy White House counsel, after his suicide last July, will follow later, probably in the autumn.
Rumor has it that Vice-President Al Gore is in charge of the search for a secretary of state to replace Warren Christopher after November's midterm elections.
It did not hurt Ronald Reagan to have an approval rating of only 39 percent at the equivalent stage of his presidency, nor did it help George Bush to have 60 percent approval after 18 months in office.
Potentially more explosive hearings on the removal of documents from the office of Vincent Foster, the deputy White House counsel, after his suicide last July, will follow later, probably in the autumn.
Rumor has it that Vice-President Al Gore is in charge of the search for a secretary of state to replace Warren Christopher after November's midterm elections.
It did not hurt Ronald Reagan to have an approval rating of only 39 percent at the equivalent stage of his presidency, nor did it help George Bush to have 60 percent approval after 18 months in office.
DAMASCUS  (BC-DAMASCUS'-MOVE-ECONOMIST) ``A black day in the history of Jordan,'' proclaimed Syria's state-controlled newspapers on July 26, the day after the Washington summit that formally ended Jordan's state of war with Israel.
In remarks made at Damascus airport last week after a chat with Egypt's Hosni Mubarak, the Syrian suggested that it is all a matter of timing.
``Assad would rather go down in history as a man who did not sell out to the Israelis than accept a halfway deal.'' Syria's strongman remains in power after 24 years because he knows how to adjust to new conditions and because he knows how to wait.
But they've reflected like nobody's business for a quarter of a century, shedding light on cosmic and geophysical mysteries long after NASA saved a few bucks by switching off other lunar scientific instruments.
For example, last Tuesday, at exactly 43.8887354 seconds after 5:09 p.m. PDT, the distance between a lunar-ranging observatory near Grasse, France, and the Apollo 15 reflector was 242,158 miles, 4,087 feet and 7.4 inches -- ``plus or minus one inch,'' says research scientist Art L.
Burgundy Street first was named Craps, after the dice game that originated in New Orleans.
The measure, in fact, does not even prohibit witnesses or jurors from receiving compensation for their stories, so long as the compensation or the arrangement for compensation do not occur until after the trial is over.
The tawny hunter with the black mustache and long tail has so captured people's imagination across the centuries that many Indian tribes revered it as a god and today it is the icon of team after team.
Of the total, 11 attacks were fatal and seven of those occurred after 1970 -- two in the last four years, one each in Colorado and California.
Public opinion in favor of the cougar may have been partly influenced by the discovery, after wildlife officials tracked down and shot the animal believed responsible for Mrs.
DAY ONE Removed as it is from anything resembling civilization, Big Bend is reached only after a long drive through flat -- here's that word again -- hot country.
Deer live here, and mountain lions, and Mexican black bears, which are making a comeback in the park after an absence of 50 years.
We also decided that, after four days in the same clothes, it was time to clean up.
Back at Terlingua Abaja, after the evening wind had kicked up (cooling things off but also making cooking on a propane stove a challenge), we dined on chili and tortilla chips.
I am going to write books, page after page, stack after stack.
Her interest began several years ago after a late-night phone call from Nancy Verougstraete, Wendy's mother, who had just read a magazine article by Noam Chomsky on the biological basis of language.
Would Hemingway have remembered to call up ``belltoll.nov'' after a two-bota night?
So after a while, you lose your love of why you write.
Released on the Dominican Karen label and distributed in the United States by RCA/BMG, ``Fogarate!'' is a strong comeback after the disappointing ``Areito'' in 1992.
As people for whom cholera is primarily an hour in science class and civil war a PBS series, our immediate and primary task -- after we write a check -- is to witness this holocaust and suffer the pain the witnessing brings.
In any event, it was another 25 million years after Hynerpeton before some amphibians evolved into reptiles, the first truly terrestrial vertebrates and the remote ancestors of birds and mammals, including humans.
But they've reflected like nobody's business for a quarter of a century, shedding light on cosmic and geophysical mysteries long after NASA saved a few bucks by switching off other lunar scientific instruments.
For example, last Tuesday, at exactly 43.8887354 seconds after 5:09 p.m. PDT, the distance between a lunar-ranging observatory near Grasse, France, and the Apollo 15 reflector was 242,158 miles, 4,087 feet and 7.4 inches -- ``plus or minus one inch,'' says research scientist Art L.
``If other large groups and teams at their stadiums or arenas follow us, we could generate loads of money.'' Participants and fans alike acknowledged that the benefit could be viewed as somewhat late, coming 10 or 11 years after the epidemic was recognized, but the Rev.
Thousands perished during its construction just after 1700.
A disproportionate part of the Southwest total, according to Susan Yancey, a spokeswoman, consists of people who arrive after the deadline and are not boarded and are thus not eligible for compensation.
The organization also suggests you visit the tourist information office in downtown San Jose (next door to the National Theater) after your arrival.
Some European countries require that United States citizens have a passport valid for a certain period of time after the end of a visit (usually six months), but I am unable to ascertain just which countries currently have this requirement.
In his campaign he promised to get tough with Japan, and soon after taking office he made it clear he wouldn't weep if the dollar dropped.
Of course, it's also worth noting that this performance came after the collapse of the Carter presidency.
Two-for-one admission is available after 4 p.m. Friday.
He finally completes his task -- but only after walking past a grinning Warren.
It is difficult to pull pranks on a rookie when he doesn't report until after training camp has ended.
As Nietzsche cried after he turned against the composer: ``Air! More air!'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
It tells how Wolfgang hid the Wagner archives from the Americans after the war.
HOLY BULL AND TABASCO CAT ARE POISED FOR TRAVERS STAKES SARATOGA SPRINGS, N.Y.  (BC-RAC-TRAVERS-NYT) Holy Bull and Tabasco Cat were both reported to be in fine fettle Monday after their prep races at Monmouth Park and Saratoga on Sunday.
As a result, Holy Bull reigned for the moment as the leader of the Triple Crown class of colts, although he was clearly taking an unusual route to the year's championships: He was trying to win the sport's highest honors after running 12th in the Kentucky Derby and skipping the Preakness, the Belmont and the Breeders' Cup in November.
We always give them three days after a race, whether it's a $25,000 claimer or a classic winner.'' Lukas, who coached basketball before he became the most successful horse trainer in history, reached into his past for a comparison and said: ``I learned a long time ago in basketball, if you have a 25-game schedule, you circle six or seven games that you can't afford to lose if you want to be champion.
(Will move in the ``f'' financial news file and in the ``n'' California news file.) QUAKE-NMB (Los Angeles) -- Six months after its plant was devastated by the Northridge earthquake, NMB Inc.
The exodus began just hours after military-installed provisional President Emile Jonassaint, in a pre-dawn statement, announced a state of siege and told the population to prepare for ``the battle of Haiti.'' ``Many people left this morning.
They are trying to run from the city.'' Jonassaint addressed Haiti at 3 a.m. after meeting for hours with military leader Lt. Gen.
Liberty or death.'' Aristide gave crucial approval for the measure, urging the United Nations to take ``swift and determined action'' against the military leaders that ousted him in a bloody September 1991 coup after less than eight months in office.
Weeks before Kim Lepine was ready to tell Charles Booth of La Coupe that she was leaving his Madison Avenue salon after 24 years to open her own place, he saw a copy of the lease she had signed and confronted her.
``It was time for me to go.'' Monday, after camping out for five weeks at the Louis-Guy D' salon, the three women celebrated the one-week anniversary of the Kim Lepine salon at 673 Madison Avenue.
By downing bottle after bottle at the White House, with its bottomless supply, Forrest is illuminating his profound desire for good health.
For 60 seconds after sirens sounded throughout Warsaw, Poles paused to remember the 200,000 civilians and ill-equipped fighters who were slaughtered during the uprising that lasted from Aug.
We used to go out after midnight and just shoot a thousand shots.'' That zeal helped form a seamless game: Marbury can shoot, jump, dribble, pass and penetrate well.
(Will move in the ``f'' financial news file and in the ``n'' California news file.) QUAKE-NMB (Los Angeles) -- Six months after its plant was devastated by the Northridge earthquake, NMB Inc.
-- ``After a few cocktails this afternoon, I'll look just like any other black person to you'' -- Steve Harvey, star of ABC's ``Me and the Boys,'' after a critic said he resembled Richard Pryor.
``We can send soldiers to the camps and call them back.'' A career military man, Bizimungu, 42, who attended staff college in Belgium, was appointed chief of staff in April by the government that came to power after Habyarimana died in a suspicious plane crash on April 6.
Immediately after the crash, Hutu militia and government military units engaged in well-documented massacres of Tutsi.
``Nobody in my family played or sang and there wasn't much live music in town at all.'' Jackson began playing guitar as a hobby in high school, after an older friend showed him some chords.
I guess I haven't really changed all that much after all.'' 
Cindy said she was afraid to tell Steve her discovery and waited six weeks after that day in the gym.
Buxton said her research shows that 85 percent of straight-gay marriages end in divorce after three years.
Nine months after telling Steve she was a lesbian, she started to date.
Airing at 9 p.m. Tuesdays for five weeks beginning tonight, this is more or less a rerun of the ballyhooed interviews that Sir David Frost conducted with former President Richard Nixon in 1977, three years after his forced resignation in the wake of the Watergate scandal.
The interviews, conducted during 12 days and lasting nearly 29 hours, were Nixon's coming-out party after about 36 months of self-imposed exile and the dawn of his resurrection in the public mind.
Yet what resonates clearly in these interviews 17 years after the fact is that Frost was a tough questioner who didn't let Nixon get away with anything.
This was done with ground rules that never would apply today: Nixon had no notes, no prior knowledge of what Frost was going to ask and no authority to edit the footage after the fact.
Nixon also all but blames the press for his wife Pat's stroke that came three days after she completed reading the Bob Woodward-Carl Bernstein book ``The Final Days.'' His famed contempt for the press spews forth here, as does his little-seen sensitive side as he describes crying and praying with then-Secretary of State Henry Kissinger days before the resignation.
If only the joint television appearances and the ride back to their respective offices on Manhattan's East Side in the same car after Monday's show could translate into labor peace, owners, players and fans would be ecstatic.
The season could resume after a strike, but figuring it won't, the Yankees entered Monday night's game at Milwaukee with a clinching number of four.
Unlike the first two episodes, in which they primarily answered moderators' questions, this time, after a few questions from Charlie Rose, they talked directly to each other and responded, sometimes with passion, to what the other said.
The massacres started after Rwanda's president died in a mysterious plane crash April 6.
 (BC-TRAVEL-BRIEFS-$ADV07-2TAKES-NYT) A Palestinian journalist could not believe it when he happened recently upon a column of British Christian pilgrims heading back into Israel through an army checkpoint after having spent a day in the Gaza Strip.
This is, after all, a very small land, and neat separations are rarely easy.
That condition led the United States to reject it after two secret meetings with Iraqi officials here in mid-May.
The United States severed diplomatic relations with Iraq after it invaded Kuwait in August 1990 and occupied the small Persian Gulf nation.
TREASURY PRICES REGAIN MOST OF EARLY LOSSES NEW YORK  (BC-CREDIT-NYT) Interest rates were flat Monday as Treasury prices regained most of their early losses that came after a morning spurt of data showed glimpses of economic strength.
The Commerce Department reported that personal spending rose four-tenths of 1 percent in June after a similar four-tenths of 1 percent gain in May.
According to current U.N. plans, after the initial military action, peacekeeping operations would be turned over to a multinational force of some 6,000 from 15 nations.
(STORY CAN END HERE -- OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) The official said the public supported the U.S. invasion of Grenada ordered by President Ronald Reagan in 1983 after Reagan claimed he acted to protect the lives of 1,100 Americans allegedly threatened by a Cuban-backed, left-wing regime.
We are witnessing an act of Inquisition.'' Immediately after the July 18 truck bombing, Argentine Jews concentrated their efforts on rescuing survivors, treating the 236 wounded and burying the nearly 100 dead.
-- Resume waiting: Three out of four senior managers who job hunt are still at their old posts after a year, according to a Cornell University survey.
The dollar, while sharply lower in overnight trading because of the escalation in Japanese trade tensions, steadied after traders, especially those in Europe, realized there was a 60-day grace period before the harshest American trade sanctions went into effect against Japan.
Her business ties did not become an issue until after the military's crackdown on the democracy movement, in which thousands of civilians were gunned down.
The action, announced by the director of the state television network in a brief broadcast that began just after 3 a.m., permits the government to formally suspend constitutional guarantees and transfer much of its nominal authority to the military.
The state of siege was announced less than an hour after Jonassaint also delivered a televised speech, in which he called on Haitians to act patriotically and repel any foreign incursion.
``Today Haiti, tomorrow what other sovereign state?'' Both the military high command and the puppet civilian government convened separate meetings on Sunday afternoon after the U.N. vote was announced, and continued to meet through the evening.
Those restrictions have gone largely unenforced, although an American television crew was detained Sunday while filming at the airport here, now idle after the suspension of all commercial flights to Haiti.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) According to the Haitian Constitution, the country's Parliament must vote on the president's imposition of a state of siege, which is then to be lifted ``if it is not renewed by a vote of the National Assembly every 15 days after its entry into force.'' Passage of the measure seems assured, because the military early last year established a compliant rump parliament in elections that were widely criticized as fraudulent and invalid.
And they did, going so far that one survivor recalled a time after the war when the parents of a buddy killed off Slapton Sands came to visit and to learn details about their son's death.
The story, after June 6, 1944, was in France.
The prospect of a cease-fire came a week after the IRA's political wing, Sinn Fein, had rejected major provisions of the peace plan put forward in December by the British and Irish governments.
``The first one is usually payroll.'' In its first month of operation, the Argosy has pulled in about $1 million a week after all winnings have been paid, according to Missouri Gaming Commission records.
``Even after being closed two months for the flood, we're still the largest retailer in the state of Missouri,'' Mason said.
We don't want to tie them up.'' But that cutoff point will probably be about three days before a scheduled game, since clubs can probably resume play within two days after a settlement.
-- WFAN's MIKE FRANCESA thought I should be ashamed for accurately quoting CHRIS RUSSO after he said that GARY BETTMAN, the National Hockey League commissioner, and BOB GUTKOWSKI, the president of Madison Square Garden, were the two sources who confirmed WFAN's report of a conspiracy in ex-Rangers Coach Mike Keenan's submission to the NHL.
He was involved in a shootout less than a week after being paroled in 1963.
``I'm not aware of anyone in the federal system serving longer than 54 years.'' Roberts said long-time prisoners -- Brockett and Stroud included -- often commit their most heinous acts after several years of incarceration.
``But we are still not moving fast enough,'' the secretary said after returning from Uganda, Rwanda, and Zaire, where he took a firsthand look at the plight of refugees routed by Rwanda's civil war and dying from starvation, cholera and dysentery.
In a handwritten letter to the president in late February, he apologized for embarrassing Clinton and said he had finally recused himself after ``it became clear that appearances of a conflict were taking hold.'' To those who knew him in New York, Altman's behavior is consistent with his reputation for forging loyal ties to his boss -- his boss of the moment.
Peterson later founded the Blackstone Group and Altman joined him again, in 1987, after Lehman had been taken over by another firm.
He joined Lehman Brothers in 1969, weeks after receiving his MBA; by 1974, at the age of 28, he was a partner, the youngest in the firm's history.
As in the all-around, she took a step back after her landing.
Turner created the games in 1986, after the United States boycotted the 1980 Oympics and the Soviet Union boycotted the 1984 Olympics.
There is a real risk that the physician will not have the time or ability to really review the patient's records and give appropriate monitoring and follow-up after a prescription is changed.'' Equally important, Garber said, ``I think it's unethical,'' for companies to secretly pay pharmacists to suggest that prescriptions be switched.
But he does not see Selma's inevitable election of a black mayor, either when he steps down or shortly after that, as fundamentally changing things.
Aldrich allegedly pointed a gun in Bishop's face, forcing him out of his car, which was recovered at Aldrich's house after his arrest in the West case.
``The need for political stability is one of the biggest problems that haunts Indian country nationally,'' he said, cautioning that ``all this money can make it worse.'' Far from fear, however, it is the sheer fun of the tribe's mushrooming success that occupies the outlook of this Oneida, 20 years after he first walked the iron in surveying the white man's world.
``I'm absolutely convinced that we have to encourage organized labor and business leadership to move to a very different kind of compact than we have had in the past,'' Labor Secretary Robert Reich said, shortly after the panel was appointed.
He said the company can store its own waste for about six years, but after then Amgen would likely be forced to move some or all of its operations to another state that has access to a licensed dump.
For instance, the overhead cranes that handle massive coils of steel before and after treatment are operated from the plant floor using remote controls.
``But we are still not moving fast enough,'' the secretary said after returning from Uganda, Rwanda, and Zaire, where he took a firsthand look at the plight of refugees routed by Rwanda's civil war and dying from starvation, cholera and dysentery.
But the day after Kalimero died, I was told my husband had disappeared.
I have never seen my husband again.'' She added that four other Muslim men had been taken from her apartment building after the death of ``Kalimero'' and had disappeared: Mahmut Ambeskovic, Murat Dautovic, Meho Bonsiacovic and Behara Davtovic.
21, 1993 -- 14 months after his arrest in Vlasenica.
6, 1992, after the discovery of the Omarska camp in northwestern Bosnia, President George Bush ordered U.S. intelligence services to do ``everything in their power'' to discover whether the Serbs were operating concentration camps in Bosnia.
Strahan is smart and level-headed, which means his noggin won't swell to the size of the moon after he beat up on Webb.
``Jeb took it in the mud,'' he said, ``and it took everyone by surprise.'' Perhaps it should not have been surprising that Bush broadcast the first hard-fisted punch; after all, his father was rarely reluctant to go negative.
While Bush clings to a comfortable lead, some analysts suggested that he had gone after his rivals to inoculate himself against attacks later.
It is not considered likely at this point that he could draw the 50 percent needed to avoid a runoff after the primary Sept.
(Sneak previews Thursday night brought the film's cumulative gross after four days to $24.9 million.) This was good news for Ted Turner's New Line Cinema, the film's distributor, but with film grosses topping the $100 million mark for the third straight weekend, there was plenty to celebrate industrywide.
``There are just as many potent titles as there were last summer, and probably the big difference is that there are more films that are playing week after week -- longer shelf life, if you will,'' Klady said.
``There are films which are dropping dead immediately, and then there are films which play week after week after week.'' Exhibitor Relations reported that the 70 films it tracked in the marketplace over the weekend collectively grossed $105.3 million, breaking a record set a week earlier when 63 films grossed $104 million.
``The Lion King'' continued its box-office roar with $9.9 million in receipts, bringing its total after seven weeks to $218.6 million, the highest domestic gross ever for a Disney film.
Specifically, Ms. Reno is said to have been very dissatisfied with the progress of a review she ordered after the killing of Dr. David Gunn last year aimed making such a determination.
Nine West went public with its proposal after U.S. Shoe spurned its advances last week.
But slowly and sometimes in surrealistic ways, Kigali is returning to normal after almost four months of civil war.
``Business has gotten a lot better,'' said Augustin Butoramo, 27, who took up shopkeeping just three weeks ago after the hotel where he worked as a clerk, the Ishimbi, was destroyed during the war.
We need to meet to discuss various regional issues.'' Mapuranga would not identify the leaders ``backing different sides.'' But many commanders and troops of the victorious Rwandan Patriotic Front were trained in neighboring Uganda, and troops now serving with the front were part of the rebel army of Yoweri Museveni, who took power in Uganda in 1986 after a five-year civil war.
-- Resume waiting: Three out of four senior managers who job hunt are still at their old posts after a year, according to a Cornell University survey.
The police said there was a videotape of the incident but would not comment on why the arrest came one month after a clinic employee had first identified Ms. Conroy as the culprit.
State and city officials said nonetheless that they were confident that a new roadway, known formally as Route 9A, might finally be built -- 21 years after the dangerously deteriorated elevated highway was closed and 20 years after the Westway was offered in its place.
Work may finally begin on the Bay Bridge in 1995 -- more than five years after a section was toppled by the Loma Prieta earthquake.
The acquisition was announced after the markets closed.
The relaxed rules say they can arrive in two's, instead of four's, and at any time after 1 p.m. on Aug.
Knowing what he knows now, he said, ``I wouldn't have done it.'' Sid Bernstein, a rock conert promoter who said he first conceived of the concert in 1986 and enlisted the Rhulen family after other possible backing fell through, said late Monday that he was asking Bethel officials for 24 hours to try to find a new backer.
TREASURY PRICES REGAIN MOST OF EARLY LOSSES NEW YORK  (BC-CREDIT-1STLD-NYT) Interest rates were flat Monday as Treasury prices regained most of their early losses that came after a morning spurt of data showed glimpses of economic strength.
The Commerce Department reported that personal spending rose four-tenths of 1 percent in June after a similar four-tenths of 1 percent gain in May.
In Soviet days, the Hermitage soared in world importance after Lenin's commissars confiscated Monets, Renoirs, Cezannes and Picassos from czarist-era Russian collectors.
Originally lodged at Moscow's Museum of New Western Art, these French impressionist and post-impressionist masterpieces were turned over to the Hermitage only in 1948, after Stalin's regime dissolved the Moscow museum.
In Soviet days, the Hermitage soared in world importance after Lenin's commissars confiscated Monets, Renoirs, Cezannes and Picassos from czarist-era Russian collectors.
Originally lodged at Moscow's Museum of New Western Art, these French impressionist and post-impressionist masterpieces were turned over to the Hermitage only in 1948, after Stalin's regime dissolved the Moscow museum.
With audible satisfaction, he said that he had listened to his critics for more than a year and that now ``it is time for the shoe to be on the other foot.'' It was a sharp-elbowed performance, coming after a welter of unabashedly political speeches by Democratic officials and union leaders, and it gave a newly partisan cast to an issue that the president has insisted is above party loyalties.
Citing the case of Carolyn Landry-Billias, a rider on the bus caravan who lost her health insurance after being diagnosed with chronic hepatitis C, the president turned to the protesters and said: ``You know, I hear a lot of talk today about what constitutes real patriotism; what constitutes being a real American; characterizations of what we're trying to do with health care.
State regulators said they appointed an attorney to review the issue after receiving 15 nearly identical complaints from a variety of 20th Century policyholders, according to Nettie Hoge, acting chief of the department's consumer services division.
But after the Jan.
Her husband, Rasim, right, disappeared after his arrest two years ago.
Her husband, Rasim, right, disappeared after his arrest two years ago.
Her husband, Rasim, right, disappeared after his arrest two years ago.
Her husband, Rasim, right, disappeared after his arrest two years ago.
Porsche Cars North America picked Goodby, Siverstein & Partners to handle the Porsche 911 Carrera account last year after a review that included Stein Robaire.
The new fee -- $3 for adults and $1 for students, children and the elderly, beginning next Tuesday -- comes after recent increases in the recommended entrance contributions at the American Museum of Natural History and at the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
COMPANY RECOVERS FROM QUAKE SHUTDOWN LOS ANGELES  (BC-QUAKE-NMB-LADN) Only six and a half months ago, Bob Baker wondered whether the suburban Chatsworth technology company he works for would be able to reopen after sustaining extensive damage from the Northridge Earthquake.
It was all we could do to salvage personal items out of the building.'' But last week, the company returned to normal operations after completing its rebuilding.
Maybe it's Watters' thoughts of impending free agency after the season.
But after that, I just kept working.'' Watters used to think he was in great shape, but working with Rice was something else.
Speaking publicly for the first time, General Counsel Jean Hanson also said she briefed Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen in September after learning of the federal investigation of Madison Guaranty, which was owned by James McDougal, the Clintons' partner in their Whitewater real estate venture.
STOCK PRICES SURGE, AS CHINA HALTS LISTING OF NEW ISSUES NEW YORK  (BC-CHINA-RALLY-225&ADDS-ART-NYT) Chinese stock prices surged more than 30 percent on Monday after the government's announcement late last week that it had halted the listing of new stock issues.
``It was revenge or something,'' said Gonzales, who toured the house shortly after the killings.
``They went after the parents and everyone is asking why.'' 
Citadel would hold real estate assets and its minority stake in Fidelity after the restructuring.
But the day after Kalimero died, I was told my husband had disappeared.
I have never seen my husband again.'' She added that four other Muslim men had been taken from her apartment building after the death of ``Kalimero'' and had disappeared: Mahmut Ambeskovic, Murat Dautovic, Meho Bonsiacovic and Behara Davtovic.
21, 1993 -- 14 months after his arrest in Vlasenica.
6, 1992, after the discovery of the Omarska camp in northwestern Bosnia, President George Bush ordered U.S. intelligence services to do ``everything in their power'' to discover whether the Serbs were operating concentration camps in Bosnia.
-- Resume waiting: Three out of four senior managers who job hunt are still at their old posts after a year, according to a Cornell University survey.
In an interview after the playwright had died, Roebling said Williams ``always swore to me that the play was based on an incident in my life that I once told him, about a great lady of the theater.'' ``From that he created this fantastical world of Flora Goforth,'' Roebling added.
Presley-Jackson and Keough separated a few months ago after she began seeing Jackson, who is 35 and has never been married.
Last year, after the boy filed a civil lawsuit against him, Jackson reached an out-of-court settlement with the boy and his family for a sum variously estimated to be from $5 million to more than $20 million.
In one room, Soloway opened one diamond as South and brought home two diamonds doubled after West overcalled one heart and East made a responsive double of North's two diamonds.
Eric confessed to the crime a week later, after inconsistencies were found in the story he told state police investigators.
	Grey, which was awarded the Kool account five months ago, defended its position after being challenged by B&W.'s other agency, Tatham Euro RSCG in Chicago, in a creative presentation.
But after receiving a few tickets, Azurdia's patron stopped coming.
	Stocks surged on China's two exchanges after the Government announced it had halted the listing of new stock issues.
	Shares of Carter-Wallace tumbled after the company said it had sent letters to doctors recommending that patients discontinue taking an epilepsy drug linked to two deaths.
	The dollar fell against the yen after trade talks failed.
But the dollar managed to trim its losses after the White House said it did not favor a weaker dollar as a way to cut the trade deficit.
(In a gruesomely ironic turn, the seventh, Karen Wong, after having apparently conquered her illness, was murdered in 1991.) But the piled-up details of lives gone horribly awry are irresistibly moving.
Filling out the weekend, Friday evening, was Dorothy Danner's production of Gilbert and Sullivan's ``Iolanthe,'' or ``The Peer and the Peri.'' (As in ``Barbiere,'' an elderly ward lusts after his nubile charge.
It was torn up and battered -- worse than a fairway at a public golf course after a high-handicapper weekend.
Last year, the ground crew would spend two days on their hands and knees cleaning the turf after a game.
Now in storage at Arrowhead are four tons of fertilizer, a roller, $75,000 worth of John Deere equipment and two sets of Parker sweepers -- equipment used to brush up divots and other debris after a game.
At 1 a.m., after a sweep and a mow, the field looked practically new again.
That's because many radio and television operations banded together months ago, after trying to cover a series of other high-profile cases in the county Criminal Courts Building, and financed improvements to an 11th-floor room set aside for their operations.
This is what is known about Schultz: He played at Kennedy High in Granada Hills and didn't start enjoying football until his sophomore year, which he entered weighing 255 after tipping the scales at just 215 as a freshman.
The police said there was a videotape of the incident but would not comment on why the arrest came one month after a clinic employee first identified Ms. Conroy as the culprit.
He's kept us right there every time.'' Jacome showed his own ability to rebound from mistakes after he responded to a second-inning leadoff home run by Fred McGriff by striking out Dave Justice and went on to retire 9 of his next 10 Atlanta hitters.
Officials said Coleman attacked Bonilla without provocation during a traffic stop, after she pulled him over about 8 a.m. Monday for driving 80 mph in a 55 mph zone.
Coleman was released from state prison in December and placed on parole after serving two years for a substance abuse conviction, said Ron Candalaria, a state parole official in Los Angeles.
In tying his career-best winning streak with a five-hitter over eight innings, Perez stifled the Brewers on two singles after the third and eased past the last 11 hitters.
Gloomy skies prevailed throughout the day and Showalter worried about the potential onset of rain disrupting the game, but that might not have been a problem after he watched the Brewers nick Perez for two runs in the first.
The Yankees struck for a run off Wegman in the third after Pat Kelly chopped a ball off third base that slithered into left field for a double and scooted to third on Luis Polonia's single to right field.
Ahead of Dave Nilsson 0-2, Perez uncorked two wild pitches after the scary scene, enabling Turner to score and putting the Brewers ahead, 3-1.
Bill Spiers seemed to beat the sliding Stanley to the base, and the play was pivotal after Polonia and Boggs then followed with two-out, run-scoring singles to give Perez a 7-3 lead.
The problem has gotten so bad that umpire Harry Wendelstedt called it dangerous last month, after watching fellow umpire Mark Hirschbeck get treated during a game because an insect flew into his right eye.
He decided to use teammate Archi Cianfrocco's bat to shake things up, after learning Cianfrocco once started a season for Montreal by going 1 for 31.
Notes: Pitcher Ramon Martinez had some swelling in his left hand one day after deflecting a line drive off his palm, but was able to take batting practice and should be fine for his next start.
The lead grew to 2-0 in the third when Hershiser walked Williams with two out, intentionally walked Gwynn after a wild pitch advanced Williams to second, and gave up a single to Craig Shipley off the glove of diving shortstop Rafael Bournigal.
I was really down after that second set and the way I lost it.
He left after eight innings with the score tied, 3-3.
-- Wash work surfaces (including cutting boards), utensils and hands after touching raw meat or poultry.
Rupert of Hello Deli named a sandwich after him.
Her customers range from big businesses to unemployed actors -- the store is in the theater district, after all.
The one came in a carriage, the other in sandals; but a spirit of camaraderie pervades their little world.'' What he described as ``an encampment of dancers'' was, in his mind, ``worthy of the brush of a painter.'' A few years after he stepped down, along came Degas to prove him correct.
She was such a sensation even as a teen-ager that several French chefs named dishes after her.
``A couple of bright young ladies who work for Kanthi got in trouble for naming two racing cockroaches after the two most famous homicide dectecives in Honolulu.
``We went in after shooting nine holes and started writing things down on bar napkins,'' Russell remembers, ``and out came Wafflin' Willy.'' That's the board game the two have produced thanks to a sense of political humor and a $100,000 investment from ``us and some venture capitalists.'' Up to four people can play.
Guess we'll have to fix it during the next printing.'' That's after the 10,000 games on hand are sold for the $24.95 asking price, including shipping and handling.
While drinking coffee at the counter of a cheap Honolulu diner at 3 a.m. after a long flight, a group of prostitutes came in and sat next to him.
For years, Campolo has worked with the poor in Philadelphia and Camden, N.J. One of the conference speakers, Lakita Garth, turned down lucrative offers from corporations after graduating from business school at the University of Southern California because she felt God calling her to work with students.
The last three years, we've felt that way only in late October, after the Braves were beaten in the postseason, but the feeling lingered only a few days.
So, Ramazi, when you're all punched out after 1996, what do you want to do?
You could hardly blame Palyani if, after finishing a sterling amateur career, he chooses the car, or nightclub, or enforcer business.
``Then after I married, my mother-in-law and I would snap beans from her garden or shell peas while we TALKED about the future and all sorts of things.
``This poll is taken after many millions were spent in May, June and July by three opponents (Wilson, and early Democratic challengers Tom Hayden and John Garamendi),'' Brown spokesman Whitehurst said.
The youthful Jennie bears a child after an affair with a senator who dies before he can marry her.
--J.K., Fort Worth A: Shortly after World War II, a strange thing happened to a candy bar in the pocket of Raytheon engineer Percy L.
Carolyn said her Barbie and Ken did have sex, but, ``Only after they got married and he bought her a Dream Car.'' So even if she doesn't have a rib cage, Barbie must have a brain.
The announcement came one week after tickets for the Aug.
13-14 music festival went on sale and just one day after Shea Entertainment Inc.
The nutria was declared eliminated there in 1992 after a 10-year, $5 million trapping campaign.
The nutria was declared eliminated there in 1992 after a 10-year, $5 million trapping campaign.
A decade later, after he was buying for Sir William Burrell -- whose renowned collection became a museum in the 1980s -- Hunt took up archeology.
It would have been virtually impossible for almost anyone -- psychologist, sociologist, certainly a reporter -- to know how quickly this would become a big event.'' ``Nightmare in the Catskills.'' The headline over The New York Times editorial on the Monday after the festival summed up the feelings of many.
What kind of culture is it that can produce so colossal a mess?'' Michael Kaufman laughed after hearing the editorial 25 years later.
Fourteen-year-old Josh Dintzer, who lives around the corner from Simpson in Brentwood, watched the whole drama unfold and posted an eyewitness account on the Internet two hours after Simpson's arrest.
It would both open schools after hours and provide $400 million to states to defray costs, but volunteers will be required.
Here is a recipe that brings together rosemary, feta cheese and fruit in a salad that is suitable as a first course at dinner or as a cheese and salad interlude after the main dish.
But after a decade or so of borrowing from the cooking of other cultures, Americans are happily tossing everything from mushrooms to zucchini onto the grill.
In fact, the German authorities hesitated after issuing their ultimatum to Russia but were caught up in the overwhelming clamor by their own population, which was itching for a fight.'' However, he adds, so were ordinary people in France, Russia and Austria.
Even the British, who traditionally had kept aloof from continental wars, erupted in a frenzy of pro-war fever after the German army invaded neutral Belgium on Aug.
Even after Austria attacked Serbia on July 28, the general hope was that a major war could be averted.
``It was over in seven weeks.'' It was only after years of static trench warfare in which hundreds of thousands on each side died in order to advance, literally, a few hundred yards that opinion among ordinary people changed, he says.
It sells wholesale from 2 to 9 a.m. and retail after 10 a.m. ``The chef buys two cases of mesclun, and you buy a bag,'' Arons said.
That's what happened with ``Northern Exposure'' on CBS; after a summer start, the series came back mid-season to become a staple of the network's strong Monday lineup.
Certainly the producers of ``Hotel Malibu,'' premiering Thursday night on CBS, are hoping the hotel will be booked for a full season after this brief summer run is completed.
	NEW VIOLENCE IN HAITI 	PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti -- In separate attacks that came just hours after a state of siege was declared here, government security forces shot and wounded one critic of military rule and beat and arrested several other people who were applying for political asylum in the United States.
Miles Ramsey, manager of January's Appliances near Houston, said he has yet to sell a single machine after taking a model on consignment.
He's hopeful he'll soon make money after having spent about $200,000 in development funds.
The announcement came one week after tickets for the Aug.
13-14 music festival went on sale and just one day after Shea Entertainment Inc.
Imagine then, how it is to be wandering the aisles-of-plenty after two years of living in a foreign country where they don't discount except during two official sale periods, where credit cards are discouraged and where your bra size is 80.
English-language newspapers that cost way less than $1 after we were used to paying more than $2.
She recently returned to the United States after living in Germany for two years and will be travelling across the country for the next few months.
For example, studies of homosexual and bisexual men showed that about half remain free of AIDS for 10 years after becoming infected.
One of these studies, conducted by the San Francisco City Clinic, found that 8 percent of men remain healthy for 10 to 15 years after initial infection.
``I think if you're playing big parts, it's best not to speak,'' Robert Stephens is saying less than 24 hours after receiving his latest ovation as King Lear.
``I was very, very tired and had to use a steam inhaler and wouldn't speak.'' Now, some two months after the opening, he finds his vocal power ``has grown so much.
(The couple divorced in 1975 after eight years of marriage.) Toby's brother, Christopher, 27, also an actor, has a featured part in ``Angels and Insects,'' a film now shooting in England and based on a novella by A.S. Byatt.
His relatives, he says, ``thought the theater was all wrong and that I was mad.'' Even after he had begun his career at the Royal Court in plays like ``Epitaph for George Dillon'' and ``The Kitchen,'' and had become a founder-member of the National Theater under Laurence Olivier (he was Horatio in the opening ``Hamlet,'' with Peter O'Toole), ``All my parents ever said was, `It was very good' or `It wasn't very good' or `It was brilliant.' They didn't know theater,'' Robert recalls.
The idea for the film came to the director when, early one morning after Mardi Gras in Sydney, he saw a plume blow off a drag queen's head and roll down the street.
But studies of patients with rheumatoid arthritis found that fish oil supplements (about six grams a day) can diminish morning stiffness and joint tenderness, a benefit that can persist for four weeks after the supplements are stopped.
``Pleasure as ambush''; beauty ``forcing us as much as harshness''; the trade-off between ecstasy, ``being taken over by something'' and ``day after day of the everyday.'' Hirsch examines ecstasy and delight in his way, too, but through the medium of art and landscape: Dutch paintings, the poetry of Wallace Stevens, the anguished consolation of Simone Weil's philosophy.
Hirsch is after something more august and symphonic: his rhythms invite or insist on stateliness.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) While he sings, the other Rolling Stones have the rare skill to make themselves sound like nothing more than a brilliant bar band, just picking away at one great riff after another, with the guitarists bouncing ideas around like so many table-hockey pucks.
``I think if you're playing big parts, it's best not to speak,'' Robert Stephens is saying less than 24 hours after receiving his latest ovation as King Lear.
``I was very, very tired and had to use a steam inhaler and wouldn't speak.'' Now, some two months after the opening, he finds his vocal power ``has grown so much.
(The couple divorced in 1975 after eight years of marriage.) Toby's brother, Christopher, 27, also an actor, has a featured part in ``Angels and Insects,'' a film now shooting in England and based on a novella by A.S. Byatt.
His relatives, he says, ``thought the theater was all wrong and that I was mad.'' Even after he had begun his career at the Royal Court in plays like ``Epitaph for George Dillon'' and ``The Kitchen,'' and had become a founder-member of the National Theater under Laurence Olivier (he was Horatio in the opening ``Hamlet,'' with Peter O'Toole), ``All my parents ever said was, `It was very good' or `It wasn't very good' or `It was brilliant.' They didn't know theater,'' Robert recalls.
``But I really liked the taco salad, too,'' Robin said, ``even after I found out it was made with turkey.
 (BC-DANNER-PROFILE-2NDTAKE-NYT) Summer after summer, she says, she haunted the rehearsal rooms listening to the directors, studying the actors' reactions.
With him as their mentor, Russian gymnasts continue to bring home gold medal after gold medal.
Howard Metzenbaum, D-Ohio, a leading gun control advocate, said Tuesday he may introduce legislation after the anti-crime bill is passed to end the waiting-period exemption for those who redeem their guns from pawnshops.
In Atlanta, Chesley Eugene Forest, a convicted felon who made the mistake of pawning his handgun the day the law took effect, was arrested a day later after a background check revealed his record.
This rationale is equally applicable to pawnshops.'' Brooks, a longtime opponent of gun control, sought the exemption after he failed to remove from the anti-crime bill the assault weapons ban, which bans 19 types of semi-automatic assault weapons and their look-alikes.
WHEAT FUTURES CLOSE HIGHER KANSAS CITY, Mo.  (BC-MIDWEST-COMMODITIES-KAN) Kansas City and Chicago wheat futures prices closed with solid gains Tuesday after the Agriculture Department on Monday reported declining crop conditions.
Kansas City Value Line stock-index futures closed slightly higher after being up sharply early in the session.
Howard Metzenbaum, D-Ohio, a leading gun control advocate, said Tuesday he may introduce legislation after the anti-crime bill is passed to end the waiting-period exemption for those who redeem their guns from pawnshops.
In Atlanta, Chesley Eugene Forest, a convicted felon who made the mistake of pawning his handgun the day the law took effect, was arrested a day later after a background check revealed his record.
This rationale is equally applicable to pawnshops.'' Brooks, a longtime opponent of gun control, sought the exemption after he failed to remove from the anti-crime bill the assault weapons ban, which bans 19 types of semi-automatic assault weapons and their look-alikes.
``We just couldn't grow enough of our own.'' They gave up catfish farming about 10 years ago, however, after the river overflowed its banks and wiped out the ponds -- for the third time, she said.
	The cover of the Brentwood book features one of the most beautiful specimens in the neighborhood, a lemon-scented gum tree at 360 North Rockingham, selected after a committee reviewed 100 photographs.
	The cover of the Brentwood book features one of the most beautiful specimens in the neighborhood, a lemon-scented gum tree at 360 North Rockingham, selected after a committee reviewed 100 photographs.
What an irony it would be if fanatics continued to kill and yet it was the apathy and silence of the medical profession that most wounded the ability to provide what is, after all, a medical procedure.
We're hoping he'll see the light before it's too late for him and his institution.'' His comments came after an announcement broadcast on Haitian television said the military-installed de facto government of provisional President Emile Jonassaint had ordered authorities to prosecute anyone who ``requested'' a copy of Sunday's U.N. Security Council resolution.
Optional add follows.) The opposition politician wounded Monday was Reynold Georges, who had been threatened by a pro-army paramilitary group after he announced his party's refusal to participate in November legislative elections that Haiti's leaders may hold to install a new president they can hold out as having been legitimately elected.
4, six months after the leukemia had reappeared.
And that business opportunity is a big reason hospitals have been moving to set up or buy home-health agencies -- to capture the profit available after the patient leaves the hospital.
It was hard not to feel sorry for James Wilcox after reading about him in The New Yorker last month.
Three months after its president and chief executive, Howard Kaminsky, left the company, the Hearst Book Group, whose properties include William Morrow & Company and Avon Books, has named a new publisher.
Jurmain, who used to work on space shuttle missions with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, said he got the idea for the doll last year after watching a public television program on sex education for teen-agers.
Ms. Cantu excelled academically and received scholarships and other aid after graduating from high school in three years with honors.
RIDERS ON HEALTH-CARE EXPRESS ARRIVE IN WASHINGTON WASHINGTON  (BC-BUS-HEALTH-TEX) Looking back on the 1,500-mile bus ride from Texas, Richard Ross said he had no regrets about his decision to join President Clinton's ``Health Care Express.'' But after a week on the road, the lanky East Texan had more than health care on his agenda Tuesday as he stood in the Capitol rotunda.
``You just don't realize what it's all about until you've been there.'' Richards, 39, said he became a health-care activist after losing his job as a meat cutter because of health problems.
The last team to change hands, the Baltimore Orioles, was purchased in 1989 by Eli Jacobs for $70 million, and was sold four years later, for $171 million, after heated bidding, in fact.
Four years after his marriage, Schumann visited St. Petersburg, where a friend wrote: ``Schumann was, as usual, silent and withdrawn the whole evening.
``You know, we had the chance to fix things after World War II that we had after Brown, that we have now,'' Egerton said.
But you talk to whites, and it's hard to find a lot of people who can demonstrate they've learned anything either.'' Indeed, 40 years after Brown and 30 years after Freedom Summer, racial disputes are becoming more common and the language of race more pervasive as black political and cultural gains hit the bedrock of Southern tradition and entrenched economic interests.
You Wouldn't Understand,'' there's a bumper sticker reading, ``Don't Blame Us. We Voted for Jefferson Davis.'' That so much turmoil comes after so much progress between blacks and whites is perfectly in keeping with the age-old split personality of the South.
Britain keeps government documents classified far longer than the United States, and often releases materials only decades after the fact.
But 10 months after Nelson Mandela formally invited foreign business to come back, and three months after the elections that secured this reborn capitalist the presidency, South Africa has yet to see the surge of investment needed to fuel growth and jobs.
Shortly after his death, Bull was portrayed in a New York Times Magazine article as ``a covert, amoral arms dealer,'' and ``a difficult man, prickly and quick to take offense.'' But from the dreamy opening sequence of ``Doomsday Gun,'' in which a pre-adolescent Bull, kneeling in a church pew, is seen worshiping an image from a Jules Verne story instead of reading his prayer book, the man's quest is presented in romantic terms.
Last month, for example, after President Francois Mitterrand invited German troops to parade in Paris for the first time since the Nazi occupation, Pasqua was the only senior official to protest that the 50th anniversary of the Liberation was the wrong occasion for such a gesture.
Today, after 15 months as the most influential member of Prime Minister Edouard Balladur's Cabinet, Pasqua has a substantial power base of his own.
In April, after a judge revoked an expulsion order against two young Algerians accused of disorderly conduct, he was furious, proclaiming that judges should apply the law, not make it.
Salmon and sea bass, which have barely managed to re-establish themselves in the Rhine after years of human anti-pollution efforts, would go belly-up if the water temperature reached 86, according to Paul Hagel, deputy director of the Netherlands Fisheries Institute.
King has said under oath that he warned prosecutors they were making a mistake in going after Eric Jackson.
In 1988, after Jackson had served 10 years in prison, his conviction was overturned.
This occurred only after the original trial judge personally went through the district attorney's files and found potentially exculpatory evidence that had been illegally withheld from the defense.
The comments marked as big a jolt to the old order as the toppling of the highly conservative Liberal Democratic Party last summer after 38 years of one-party rule.
The Liberal Democrats fell after being split by factional infighting.
Contrary to expectations that there would be feverish opposition and a split, few complained at Murayama's unilateral declarations, which many here attributed to the seductiveness of power and the surprising personal popularity of Murayama after his first month in office.
But while most Socialists swallowed deep and embraced the realpolitik that has given them a taste of power after four decades in the political wilderness, indications of the differences between the two partylike groupings emerged last week.
NEGOTIATORS FIND THEY'RE NOT ON THE SAME CONTINENT NEW YORK  (BC-BBO-LABOR-NYT) Sometime after the owners abandoned their effort to get a salary cap in the 1990 negotiations, a union lawyer offered his assessment of the talks.
Lisa Nelson, GOPAC's executive director, said the committee ``believes it has followed the letter and spirit of the election laws of Wisconsin.'' In a lengthy prepared statement, Nelson added that ``GOPAC would strongly dispute any interpretation of Wisconsin law that suggests GOPAC was required to report to Wisconsin campaign finance authorities information about political activity unrelated to candidate support in Wisconsin, including donations from Wisconsin residents to GOPAC's general operating and other accounts.'' Gail Shea, the state's campaign finance and elections administrator, confirmed receipt of the complaint and said her staff will begin its review after GOPAC officially responds.
HAITI ATTACKS CRITICS AND RESTRICTS CIVIL RIGHTS PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti  (BC-HAITI-450&ADD-NYT) In separate attacks that came hours after a state of siege was declared here, government security forces shot and wounded a critic of military rule on Monday and beat and arrested several other people who were applying for refuge in the United States, witnesses and diplomats said Tuesday.
The attack came shortly after Georges, who initially supported the military coup in 1991 that overthrew the Rev.
A fast lap in a stock car at Indy requires more driver judgment, said Davy Jones, a sports-car racer who will be trying to qualify for his first Nascar race this weekend after setting some promising practice times at Indy.
And after walking 24 miles or waiting 12 hours, a refugee gets enough water for the family for one day.
Dante began its climb out of the active crater of Mount Spurr on Tuesday night, four days after descending more than 650 feet into the mountain, 80 miles west of Anchorage, and exploring the previously hidden bottom.
NEW YORK  (BC-CREDIT-NYT) Prices of Treasury securities were mixed Tuesday as the bond market gave back much of its earlier gains after a government report showed a sharp drop in June new-home sales because of higher interest rates.
16, after the Fed's policy-making panel, the Federal Open Market Committee, meets.
But at the end of the session, all three major market averages were just below the previous day's close, after three consecutive days of increases.
A major standout Tuesday was American Cyanamid, which stopped trading late in the day with the stock at 93 -- 30 points higher than Monday's close -- after a $95-a-share takeover offer was announced by American Home Products.
Mostly, the battle reflects a trend throughout the former Soviet Union and Eastern Europe: Even after the collapse of Communism, faiths forged in persecution remain far more conservative than those nurtured in the West.
He walked after it with a bounce in his step.
All traces of the lymphoma that doctors discovered in Azinger's right shoulder just after he won the PGA Championship last year, are gone.
I'm a survivor now, and I'm looking forward to playing the game I missed.'' He was standing on the putting green now after having waded through a sea of kids seeking autographs.
The most recent lasted 34 minutes Monday afternoon after a squirrel chewed through an electric company's power line and the stock exchange's own back-up power system in Trumbull, Conn., failed to kick in.
On July 14, the exchange was beset by sporadic outages, caused by problems at Nasdaq's main computer center in Trumbull and its back-up site in Rockville, Md., after a software upgrade.
And the next day, Nasdaq failed to open until 11:55 a.m., two and a half hours after trading was supposed to begin.
Monday, after the back-up electrical system at Nasdaq's center in Trumbull failed to switch on in response to the utility company's power failure, it took more than a half-hour for trading to resume through the Rockville site.
My feet weren't coordinated like they usually are, but after I ran some routes I felt good.
``He certainly has good hands and good moves,'' said Coach Dan Reeves after the Tuesday afternoon practice.
``I haven't gone over every jot and tittle,'' Conrad said after Mitchell outlined his plan.
Bob Packwood, R-Ore., He became Dole's lieutenant for health care after Sen.
PETERSBURG, Russia  (BC-GOODWILL-NOTEBOOK-SPI) Shortly after United States coach Tara VanDerveer singled out China as the favorite in the Goodwill Games women's basketball competition, the Chinese lost the tournament opener Tuesday to France, 80-73.
The Americans won the bronze after being bumped in the semis by Brazil.
Russia, regrouping after the breakup of the Soviet Union team that won the gold medal in the Barcelona Olympics, failed to qualify for the world competition and few of the players in the lineup against Italy have serious international experience.
In fact, New York and New Jersey developed their agreement to share computer data last spring after investigators discovered hundreds of people coming to New York City from Newark, often by jumping train turnstiles, to draw additional benefits.
Two years ago, Passera was given the job of fixing Olivetti S.p.A., the office-equipment company that is Europe's second-largest computer maker after Siemens Nixdorf Infomationssysteme A.G. of Germany.
A few thousand appear to have occurred after trading in the stock was supposedly halted, at the request of Newbridge, but before the bad news the company was planning to announce Monday came out.
Hundreds of thousands of shares were traded after the bad news was out, but before trading was supposed to resume.
Only after the stock had plunged further were the brokers told that the trades in question had been canceled.
The trades that are determined to have been made after 9:32 a.m. were canceled.
``I don't know what happened in France after the war, or in Germany,'' he said, ``but those nations pushed national unity while still trying war criminals.
The prime minister met with journalists for about an hour Tuesday after spending several hours talking with the U.S. under secretary of state for African affairs, George Moose.
Radical groups, such as the Islamic Revolutionary Councils, which are supposed to oversee the religious zeal of government workers, are muscling their way back into power after a period of dormancy.
He dismissed Rafsanjani's brother, Mohammed Hashemi, from his post earlier this year as the head of Iranian radio and television after a decade in the job.
An increasing number of businesses here are going bankrupt.'' There is no such trouble for the powerful government-run companies and bunyods, huge foundations that have billions in assets and control industries confiscated after the 1979 revolution.
Indeed, distressed properties are popping up on the market like mushrooms after a spring rain.
While the discounting is great for consumers, many wineries struggle to end up in the black after selling a year's vintage because profit margins are so thin.
Indeed, distressed properties are popping up on the market like mushrooms after a spring rain.
While the discounting is great for consumers, many wineries struggle to end up in the black after selling a year's vintage because profit margins are so thin.
American Cyanamid shares rose $30, to $93, on the New York Stock Exchange after American Home Products, which fell 75 cents, to $56.75, offered to pay $95 for each Cyanamid share.
John Gottfried, left, and Andrew Arons, owners of the Gourmet Garage, sell to the public after the chefs shop.
John Gottfried, left, and Andrew Arons, owners of the Gourmet Garage, sell to the public after the chefs shop.
John Gottfried, left, and Andrew Arons, owners of the Gourmet Garage, sell to the public after the chefs shop.
John Gottfried, left, and Andrew Arons, owners of the Gourmet Garage, sell to the public after the chefs shop.
It got to me, but now it's over.'' He said this as he leaned forward in a black stretch limousine, a day after hitting his 20th home run of the season off Atlanta's Greg Maddux and at least a year removed from the friction that became part of his persona during much of his first two years in New York.
I took me a while after that, but I realized it was a war you cannot win.
A successful investment banker, he worked as a fund-raiser and economic adviser in the 1992 Clinton campaign, and his nomination to the No. 2 post at the Treasury was one of the first announced by Clinton after the election.
The decisions came after two days of testimony from experts on nicotine and addiction, some of whom told the panel that regularly smoking five cigarettes as day is enough to cause addiction in some people.
-- Two-thirds of nicotine, heroin and cocaine users relapse soon after treatment starts, and more and more relapse until only a small percentage are still abstinent at the end of one year.
``For them the danger is as real as it can be,'' Kessler said, adding that studies show that 40 percent to 50 percent of those people take up smoking again immediately after surgery.
BRONX MAN HELD IN TRYING TO SELL INFANT SON NEW YORK  (BC-NY-BABY-FORSALE-NYT) A Bronx man was ordered held on $10,000 bail Tuesday after he tried to sell his 4-month-old son to strangers on a Queens street for $1,000, police said.
The man, Vincent Slight, 37, of East Tremont, was arrested at 7:18 p.m. Monday at the corner of Queens Boulevard and Union Turnpike in Kew Gardens after passers-by called the police, said Detective Andrew McInnis, spokesman for the New York City Police Department.
Foster Jr. after his suicide a year ago.
Nussbaum, the former White House counsel who discovered Whitewater papers in Foster's office after his death, did not give the papers to the Clinton family's personal lawyer, as officials have said for a year.
Ms. Williams was with Nussbaum, agents of the FBI and members of the National Park Service Police when Foster's office was searched soon after his death, but questions about her handling of his papers had not been directly answered until Tuesday.
``After Mr. Nussbaum reviewed the documents, and after he did so, as I recall -- I was not here, I was in Arkansas -- but I believe that that was done in the presence of officials from the Park Police and maybe some other agencies.
``It just made things easier for me in school.'' Throughout the 30 days with their computer, the boys at Ivy's home thrived on the educational games, playing every day for hours after school and onweekends.
It was fun, but I got tired of the same games,'' the boy said, tugging on his oversized maroon jeans after sliding down a half flight of stairs on his belly.
This was, after all, the freshly scrubbed, intelligent face of the Clinton administration, a Yale graduate, a Rhodes Scholar, a former writer at Teenage magazine and a charter member of the Stephanopouli, the friends and acolytes of Clinton adviser George Stephanopoulos, whose contacts have helped them rise to the top ranks of government.
``You could learn a lot about how things get handled in this town.'' Devore, who retired last year after serving as assistant secretary of the Treasury for Public Affairs, looked down the table sympathetically as his former colleague made a tortuous attempt to back away from his own diary entries to protect his bosses and his job.
Trosch, a Roman Catholic priest who was suspended by the church last year after trying to place newspaper advertisements supporting violence against abortion providers, said he used contributions for what he called educational purposes, including the distribution of circulars that seek to justify lethal force.
Under the Mitchell plan, the employer mandate would be considered after the year 2002 for states where voluntary measures failed to cover 95 percent of the population.
This was, after all, the freshly scrubbed, intelligent face of the Clinton administration, a Yale graduate, a Rhodes Scholar, a former writer at Teenage magazine and a charter member of the Stephanopouli, the friends and acolytes of Clinton adviser George Stephanopoulos, whose contacts have helped them rise to the top ranks of government.
``You could learn a lot about how things get handled in this town.'' Devore, who retired last year after serving as assistant secretary of the Treasury for Public Affairs, looked down the table sympathetically as his former colleague made a tortuous attempt to back away from his own diary entries to protect his bosses and his job.
	International 	South Africa is still awaiting a surge of foreign investment 10 months after Nelson Mandela appealed for businesses to return.
Judge Patrick Cherry of Ingham County District Court ruled on Monday after a preliminary hearing that there was enough evidence to try Dr. Gregory Messenger, a dermatologist who took his premature son off life support without the permission of the hospital or his son's doctor.
``This dermatologist gets to be a test case.'' Messinger's son, Michael Ryan, was born after his wife, Traci, had an emergency Caesarean section on Feb.
About an hour after the birth, Messinger, a dermatologist on the staff of the hospital, asked nurses to leave and unhooked the life-support system.
Martin, the Ingham County prosecutor, said that those decisions were more commonly made after children had stayed on respirators for some time and doctors had a chance to evaluate their prospects.
Monitoring of the baby during delivery and after the birth suggested that that the baby had not received enough oxygen and therefore there was a strong possibility of brain damage, he said.
``The parents made a decision when the outcome was so grim and the prognosis was so bad, they indicated `we do not want this intervention.' I think it was incumbent on hospital personnel to honor their directive and they didn't do that.'' Results of blood tests taken at birth, but received after the baby died, indicated a 14 percent level of oxygen in the blood.
A doctor who testified at the preliminary hearing said that babies could suffer brain damage after five minutes with oxygen levels of less than 50 percent in the blood.
Lantos said that before a baby was 25 weeks old, many doctors would advise against treatment, but that improving survival rates after 25 weeks led many doctors to advocate aggressive measures.
In many cases, he said, signs of neurological damage show up very early, so that a decision can be made to stop life support after waiting a short time.
The country's banks currently are earning record profits after having emerged from lending problems in the recession.
Coach Pete Carroll singled him out as one of the most impressive performers after 10 days of camp.
On the field, the operative word for Moore is ``YAC'' -- this year's lingo for yards after the catch.
The scenario when it unfolds is amazing.'' This enthusiasm for the Jets hardly was there after last season, in which Moore scored all of one touchdown.
That date is one day after conclusion of the ninth annual NHRA Chief Nationals at the Texas Motorplex in Ennis.
Meyer said he pitched the idea of moving the banquet to Texas after discussions with Gardner.
First, a player moving to a new team signs a long-term contract at a salary that is at once within the new team's cap but far below his own true worth while giving him an option to declare himself a free agent after one season.
The second stage, according to the NBA view, comes when the player does declare himself a free agent after one season with his new team and then signs a huge new contract with the same team.
John Gabriel, the Magic's director of player personnel, said, ``We'll review it with our lawyers.'' Dudley, who missed most of the regular season with a broken ankle, did declare himself a free agent after one year with the Trail Blazers, but rather than signing a huge new contract with Portland he has been shopping himself.
Judge Patrick Cherry of Ingham County District Court ruled on Monday after a preliminary hearing that there was enough evidence to try Dr. Gregory Messenger, a dermatologist who took his premature son off life support without the permission of the hospital or his son's doctor.
``This dermatologist gets to be a test case.'' Messenger's son, Michael Ryan, was born after his wife, Traci, had an emergency Caesarean section on Feb.
About an hour after the birth, Messenger, a dermatologist on the staff of the hospital, asked nurses to leave and unhooked the life-support system.
Martin, the Ingham County prosecutor, said that those decisions were more commonly made after children had stayed on respirators for some time and doctors had a chance to evaluate their prospects.
Monitoring of the baby during delivery and after the birth suggested that that the baby had not received enough oxygen and therefore there was a strong possibility of brain damage, he said.
``The parents made a decision when the outcome was so grim and the prognosis was so bad, they indicated `we do not want this intervention.' I think it was incumbent on hospital personnel to honor their directive and they didn't do that.'' Results of blood tests taken at birth, but received after the baby died, indicated a 14 percent level of oxygen in the blood.
A doctor who testified at the preliminary hearing said that babies could suffer brain damage after five minutes with oxygen levels of less than 50 percent in the blood.
Lantos said that before a baby was 25 weeks old, many doctors would advise against treatment, but that improving survival rates after 25 weeks led many doctors to advocate aggressive measures.
In many cases, he said, signs of neurological damage show up very early, so that a decision can be made to stop life support after waiting a short time.
Cook, whose five marriages ended in divorce, moved to France after his third marriage broke up and worked as a farm laborer.
Tuesday's announcement -- which made the previous offer public and set a deadline -- was made after the stock market closed.
The company said the transaction would add to its earnings in per share in the second year after its completion.
They don't know where I have to go to get renewal (of the permit).'' Andres Candido Vasquez, A 54-year-old from El Salvador, said he applied for political asylum after two of his brothers were killed and other relatives were kidnapped for starting a cooperative.
``Some beaches, you know everyone and they come day after day.
He expressed optimism about his chances to defend his title at next week's PGA Championship in Tulsa, Okla., but said his playing schedule after that is undetermined.
Folston started at outside linebacker in place of Aaron Wallace, who was held out as a precaution after experiencing swelling in his knee during a midweek practice.
``It's a decision we made after a lot of thought,'' he said by telephone from Milwaukee.
King has said under oath that he warned prosecutors they were making a mistake in going after Eric Jackson.
In 1988, after Jackson had served 10 years in prison, his conviction was overturned.
This occurred only after the original trial judge personally went through the district attorney's files and found potentially exculpatory evidence that had been illegally withheld from the defense.
But the boom in American football did not occur until after World War II, when Japanese players learned the game from GIs stationed there.
But the boom in American football did not occur until after World War II, when Japanese players learned the game from GIs stationed there.
Brogna's popularity -- and his local legend -- are already noteworthy after six short weeks in the majors with the New York Mets.
``I got the chills big time,'' said Brogna, who listened to the fans chant ``Ree-co, Ree-co,'' for more than three minutes after the bomb.
They guys kept saying, `Go ahead, go ahead.' I didn't know till I heard my name being called.'' The homer came minutes after Jeff Kent ripped a single to left field to score Bobby Bonilla from second as the Mets broke open a 1-1 game.
Showalter's hunch helped turn the game into a rout one inning after the Yankees had left the bases loaded.
Washington State defensive tackle Gabriel Oladipo also is expected in camp today after signing a one-year contract worth $108,000.
``I don't want to be the one on the mound when this whole thing caves in,'' Montgomery said after striking out the side and ending a 6-4 victory.
Montgomery, after blowing five saves early in the season, has converted his last 15 opportunities.
``Now we're going to celebrate,'' said Robert Puente, a 42-year-old mechanic, after the vote.
The A's lost Tuesday night to the Kansas City Royals, 6-4, and have now lost four straight after going on a 28-11 tear.
``It's difficult (with the injuries), but a game like this we should have won,'' said A's right fielder Ruben Sierra, who had an RBI in the first and scored in the fourth after missing a home run by a foot and settling for a double.
Rogers left after two gunshot line drives in the sixth and behind 5-1, but days ago, weeks ago, months ago, had pitched his way to the top of Kennedy's chart.
We were talking about elevated expectations for his left-hander after the Late Night with Kenny show last week.
Abequa has said he strangled his wife while the children slept in the next room after failing to persuade her to take him back and concluding that she was involved with another man.
The water district, which sells water from central and northern California to six southern California counties, chose the station area in April after a long site-selection process.
Advertising became inevitable after 1991, ``when the Internet was opened for commercial traffic, when it became clear that the government would not continue to finance its infrastructure,'' said Nisenholtz, senior vice president of Ogilvy & Mather Direct, a subsidiary of Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide.
This time it was manager Kevin Kennedy jumping on catcher Ivan Rodriguez for getting upset and throwing equipment after making an out.
The last two games, after the (Sunday Players Association) meeting -- I don't know what was said -- but some people have been emotional the last couple of days.'' Rodriguez declined to comment.
The 51/3 innings are also the shortest a pitcher has gone in his first start after a perfect game.
The Tier I rotation will start after the 1995 regular season.
LASORDA PRAISES RETIRING SCIOSCIA LOS ANGELES  (BC-BBN-DODGERSNOTES-LADN) Los Angeles Dodgers manager Tom Lasorda praised former catcher Mike Scioscia after Scioscia announced his retirement Tuesday, and said if the decision was his, Scioscia would be hired to manage a Dodgers minor-league team immediately.
``I think he'll make an outstanding manager,'' Lasorda said of Scioscia, who retired from the Texas Rangers after failing to return from 1993 rotator cuff surgery.
He can be a real contributor here, and I hope he is.'' Scioscia's 13-year playing career ended after the 1992 season, when Claire decided not to offer his salary arbitration because Mike Piazza and Carlos Hernandez were ready to take over the catching duties.
He was released last October and signed with the Rangers in December, but never played another major-league game after leaving Los Angeles.
It's hard, and now we don't have too many tomorrows.'' Bournigal said he plans to return to Los Angeles after the Aug.
``And it might be my last.'' Salmon said the team wanted to see how his strained hamstring felt the day after a strenuous test before making a decision.
Bo Jackson was ejected in the fourth inning after striking out looking for the second time and Chili Davis broke his bat over his knee and tossed it toward the Mariners' dugout after going down swinging in the sixth.
Only Rex Hudler, who bowed and tipped his cap to Randy Johnson after striking out in the sixth, did anything to please the crowd with the Angels' angst.
The Angels closed within 5-2 on RBI singles by Owen in the third and Damion Easley in the fourth, but Leftwich was gone in the fifth after committing his second error, a wild throw to first on a dribbler by Luis Sojo.
``Maybe I didn't put in as much work as I should have after Wimbledon and now it's showing.'' Making his first appearance ever at the L.A. Open was second-seeded and 11th-ranked Boris Becker, who was coming off a four-week break from the ATP tour.
A sacrifice fly by Phil Plantier brought Bell home after a Williams single.
Candiotti was gone after 2 1/3 innings, matching his earliest exit of the year.
But as they built their case, which included a witness who saw Griffin shoot Gunn three times in the back and Griffin's confession to two police officers right after the slaying, they learned that Griffin's defense attorney was going to contend that he was neither the mastermind of a plot to kill Gunn nor the triggerman.
Known more commonly around the world by the French name Medecins Sans Frontieres, the group was started by a group of French doctors in 1971 after the Biafra war in Africa.
But after Ryan discovers the truth, the movie quickly aligns itself with him, thus making us feel bad for cheering earlier when one of our illegal missiles took out a drug lab.
The Hawks, after all, have obtained numerous shots to the head and body and paid nothing for them.
She hurriedly signed with a Swiss manager after breaking the world record, but he doesn't communicate with her, won't tell her what she's worth.
Swimmer Aleksandr Popov moved from his dorm room in a Volgograd sport institute to Australia after winning two golds and two silvers in Barcelona.
He also will compete for his home of Russia, but the 6- foot-6 swimmer hoped to break out Bubka-style after the Olympics.
A successful investment banker, he worked as a fund-raiser and economic adviser in the 1992 Clinton campaign, and his nomination to the No. 2 post at the Treasury was one of the first announced by Clinton after the election.
Poet Ivan Yermolayev, 95, the one known surviving mutineer, received a telegram from Yeltsin saluting him for enduring a ``war unleashed by the totalitarian regime against the people of Russia.'' Two months after his rehabilitation, Yermolayev died at his home 600 miles southeast of St. Petersburg.
But more than 30 years after ``Camelot,'' the question looms: How long can this Kennedy thing go on?
JFK mused about going back into the newspaper business after leaving the presidency.
In his new book ``The Roosevelts: An American Saga,'' Peter Collier reveals that patriarch Joseph Kennedy had modeled his clan after the Roosevelts.
It appeared that Robert Taft's son and namesake would continue the Senate tradition, but after a brief career in Washington, Robert Jr. failed to hold voter loyalties.
In the six months after NAFTA started, Mexican trade to the United States has increased by 22.5 percent.
In the six months after NAFTA started, Mexican trade to the United States has increased by 22.5 percent.
Cooper, a pharmacist, after extensively reviewing studies and drawing on his own 17-year practice, in 1991 published /{Drug-Related Problems in Geriatric Nursing Home Patients./} Cooper found such problems stretched far beyond long-term care facilities.
The marathon Senate hearings adjourned about 2 a.m. Wednesday after Altman had completed more than 10 hours of testimony.
25, 1993, the day after Altman told the banking committee that one had taken place Feb.
Of course, movie makers often overreach in attempting to make their efforts seem socially meaningful; they are, after all, trying to drum up business.
During questioning by his attorney, Thomas Gosselin, Greenstein expanded Tuesday on the story he had told earlier about dropping the M&Ms into Weeks' pocket after they attended an office lunch at the a Palo Alto, Calif., restaurant.
As the 50th anniversary of the bombing nears, Tibbets has begun campaigning against what he calls the politicizing of his aircraft, which he named after his mother.
They also point out that the Enola Gay, fully assembled, will take its place among other historic aircraft at the planned Air and Space Museum annex near Dulles International Airport in suburban Virginia sometime after 2000.
As the 50th anniversary of the bombing nears, Tibbets has begun campaigning against what he calls the politicizing of his aircraft, which he named after his mother.
They also point out that the Enola Gay, fully assembled, will take its place among other historic aircraft at the planned Air and Space Museum annex near Dulles International Airport in suburban Virginia sometime after 2000.
The outspoken Moscow politician sent shock waves through Western governments last year after his Nationalist Party defeated democratic reformers in parliamentary elections.
The outspoken Moscow politician sent shock waves through Western governments last year after his Nationalist Party defeated democratic reformers in parliamentary elections.
Despite a blood test and check up that took most of a recent morning, Tsui was in good spirits after hospital staff had given him EMLA.
If the dollar increases in value after a purchase, or even if it remains unchanged, you fare well.
NEW TECHNIQUE DESCRIBED AS POWERFUL FERTILITY TOOL SAN ANTONIO  (BC-FERTILITY-TECHNIQUE-HNS) A Texas woman is among the first in the United States to give birth to a baby after undergoing a new type of in-vitro fertilization.
Still, after seven years of trying to have a baby, the cost and the effort are suddenly insignificant, Mrs.
Compared with such performances, Williams's blues comes as a draught of straight whisky after sips of warm soda.
Williams made a good number of albums after he was paroled but few of them are as harrowing as the prison sessions.
In turn, we discovered a far different Yellowstone than the one most visitors experience after waiting in the lines of cars at the park entrances.
A moment later, the Chief had one on, and this one did not get away, and after a five-minute tussle, the fish was guided to the canoe: 20 inches long! A beautiful cutthroat trout, quickly released.
A moose was feeding near the outlet stream, and after saying hello, we ate lunch on the edge of a vast meadow at lake's edge, saturated with wildflowers of every imaginable species and color.
The storm ended just as quickly as it started, and then we were out again, fishing, catching one 20-incher after another.
The three first got together when they were working for a humor magazine called The American Bystander, which died after a single issue, in 1982.
``He told people he had learned the secret from carefully reading the Bible, and after he had practiced a bit on animals he asked the county insane asylum to send him some human bodies.'' Ramsay, who really knows how to tell a story, continued: ``Well, he prepared these two and he took them to the Smithsonian in Washington by train.
The Woodstock '94 lineup reflects inevitable changes after another quarter century of rock.
Goldin said after the vote.
5, 1993 -- one month after Polly is believed to have been murdered -- and said that he had seen the young girl three days earlier in a parking lot.
He's a con man.'' Last year, The Examiner interviewed Chiuchiolo after he claimed he could provide information that would exonerate Mafia leader John Gotti.
Only later -- after hearing about the murder on television -- did he realize that he had actually killed the mob leader, he claimed.
And it shone on me.'' Now, more than three decades after personifying all that is good in ``Billy Budd,'' Stamp has become Hollywood's favorite English villain.
For the once-wary actor, salvation had come in the writings of Jan Morris, the English writer who had found fame and success as James Morris and, after years of marriage, fatherhood and a distinguished career, had a sex change operation.
Seven geologists and geophysicists were flown by helicopter off the mountain's northwestern slopes on Tuesday, at the 8,300-foot level on the Mowich Face, after completing a week there gathering rock samples and studying the mountain's violent history.
Possibly the most important impact of the debate was the spectacle of Berlusconi's coalition partners' drawing closer together after weeks of rancorous division.
In the six months after NAFTA started, Mexican trade to the United States has increased by 22.5 percent.
In the six months after NAFTA started, Mexican trade to the United States has increased by 22.5 percent.
5, 1993 -- one month after Polly is believed to have been murdered -- and said that he had seen the young girl three days earlier in a parking lot.
He's a con man.'' Last year, The Examiner interviewed Chiuchiolo after he claimed he could provide information that would exonerate Mafia leader John Gotti.
Only later -- after hearing about the murder on television -- did he realize that he had actually killed the mob leader, he claimed.
`PLAYLAND': A WELL-CRAFTED TALE OF THE MOB, HOLLYWOOD AND VEGAS  (BC-PLAYLAND-BOOK-REVIEWG-NYT) ``Playland,'' the title of John Gregory Dunne's darkly comic new Hollywood novel, is the name of an opulent gambling casino that one character, the New York mobster Jacob King (born Jacob Kinovsky), is erecting in Las Vegas after having eliminated a rival from Los Angeles.
Horrible things keep happening to people in ``Playland.'' When Broderick wants Lizzie's attention while driving on Sunset Boulevard with her, he tells her about how the Nazis during the occupation of France liked to guillotine people after lying them on their backs and taping their eyelids open so that the last thing they would see before dying would be the descending blade.
Ickes were angry, not just chatting, when they called him from the White House after he had finally withdrawn from participating in decisions on Madison Guaranty.
She gave piano lessons, and discovered her son's ability when at the age of 3 he went to the piano after one of her students left and played by ear the piece that had just been taught.
But he dropped the Rachmaninoff after a single, reportedly spotty performance, to the chagrin of concertgoers who had paid up to $150 to hear both works.
Instead, Cliburn put his baritone and his light drawl to use in a committed, often animated reading of the narration in Copland's ``Lincoln Portrait.'' And recognizing that listeners were probably more interested in his pianism than in his potential as a thespian, he played three substantial solo works before the intermission and two encores after the Tchaikovsky.
Later he showed a more graceful, relaxed side of his performing persona in a lovely, sweetly phrased account of the Liszt-Schumann ``Widmung,'' offered as an encore after the Tchaikovsky.
The pity is that there is a spark in Cliburn's playing that begs to be fanned into flame; but if he does nothing but trot out a single warhorse year after year, that spark will soon be smothered.
``Now I can honestly do my job.'' Today -- two years after the death of his longtime companion and collaborator, Brigitte Laurent, who died of cancer -- he seems chastened and almost humble.
``But it was also for symbolic reasons, to show that I'm the boss.'' Gall's first task after his appointment was announced last summer was to prepare a formal report on the Paris company.
``What I am proud of here in Geneva is that after 15 years I will have presented 122 different operas,'' he said, ``and for not one moment was the budget surpassed.
Meanwhile, a year after the death of their Whitewater lawyer, President Clinton and his wife have just acknowledged another in a series of deceptions about the handling of their lawyer's papers.
Clinton engulfed the grieving widower in a bear hug after Cox's remarks and, in a voice choking with emotion, urged lawmakers to remember Cox's wife as they debate health-care legislation next week.
He said the company can store its own waste for about six years, but after then Amgen would likely be forced to move some or all of its operations to another state that has access to a licensed dump.
Detroit voters also overwhelmingly approved two ballot questions on casino gambling in the city, after having turned casinos down four times since 1981.
Instead of taking beatings from two or more offensive linemen play after play, he can look forward to mostly one-on-one blocking.
If I didn't have to be a nose tackle, I could have been in the Pro Bowl year after year.'' But until now he has been a nose tackle, and even his $1-million-a-year salary does not make up for all the frustrations.
Play after play, you're double-teamed.
They ran it three or four times in the game, but I read it after the first time.
That will be a year and a day after trading began in the shares of the last government-owned company to go public, Japan East Railway.
``I think you'll find that a number of people at Yubileiny may not be employed there after another day or two,'' he said.
The American women went on another streak, 18-2, after the intermission and coach Tara VanDerveer cleared the bench.
CBS simply seems to be fascinated by shows set in Hawaii after the success of ``Hawaii Five-O'' and ``Magnum, P.I.'' But like the forgettable 1989 medical drama ``Island Son'' before it, ``One West Waikiki'' will quickly sink.
 (BC-LEAH-PERSONALS-SFCHRON) Jazz saxophonist 	Marsalis says he signed his five-year contract after being told he would have complete artistic freedom, but ``that was before the ratings went bad.
 (BC-LEAH-PERSONALS-SFCHRON) Jazz saxophonist 	Marsalis says he signed his five-year contract after being told he would have complete artistic freedom, but ``that was before the ratings went bad.
He returned to Fort Worth immediately after the concert and was with Rildia Cliburn when she died.
As a child, she received her first piano lessons from her mother, an accomplished violinist and pianist, and continued her studies in McGregor with Prebble Drake, a graduate of the Cincinnati Conservatory who eventually recommended Rildia for admission to that school after Rildia graduated from high school in Richmond.
The two were married in 1923; Harvey took the advice of his father-in-law shortly after the marriage and entered the oil business.
But when Harvey Sr. came in to see her after the birth and said, ``Babe, we have a little boy,'' she answered, ``Well, go ahead, then, but give him a choice.'' The result was that the name ``Van'' was inserted in parentheses on the birth certificate.
the last time, as you know, as a member of Congress.'' Richardson, 46, a graduate of Tufts University's Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy and a former staffer at the State Department and the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, briefed Clinton at the White House after returning in July from a stormy five-and-a-half hour meeting with Cedras.
She always greeted old and new friends with a smile and a handshake, even after she was confined to a wheelchair.
He has ripped wires loose from a telephone in the visiting dugout at Yankee Stadium after a loss, harangued radio reporters for sticking microphones in his face, been ejected from two games and began all-too-many post-game interviews by saying, ``What do you have, gentlemen?'', a sure sign the game was lost.
The Senate hearings adjourned about 2 a.m. Wednesday after Altman had completed more than 10 hours of testimony.
25, 1993, the day after Altman told senators on the Banking Committee that one had taken place Feb.
Later, after discussing the matter with Deputy White House Counsel Joel Klein, Ludwig said he encountered Clinton and Klein in a hallway.
A champion by default, the London-born Lewis inherited his title after Riddick Bowe, who had won three titles from Evander Holyfield in 1992, dumped the WBC belt in a trash can rather than accept a mandatory defense against Lewis.
The Senate hearings adjourned about 2 a.m. Wednesday after Altman had completed more than 10 hours of testimony.
25, 1993, the day after Altman told senators on the Banking Committee that one had taken place Feb.
Later, after discussing the matter with Deputy White House Counsel Joel Klein, Ludwig said he encountered Clinton and Klein in a hallway.
For over a year the White House has been saying that Whitewater files were sent from Vincent Foster's office after his death to the Clintons' private attorney.
But it remained unclear after Wednesday's events whether the government remained open to Ms. Nasrin's leaving the country, or whether the writer would take up the opportunity.
Immediately after the court hearing, Ms. Nasrin was driven through Dhaka with a heavy police escort to the apartment she left two months ago.
In 1992, 60 percent of research money went to the military and 40 percent to civilian work, and after the president's first budget ``it's now more like 55 to 45 percent'' with the civilian research rising.
Stocks of both railroads surged early Wednesday on the news, but after a day of heavy trading, shares of Conrail ended $2.25 higher at $56.50, while Norfolk Southern's stock fell 12.5 cents a share, to $63.625.
The board noted that currently, there is little consistency in the information that these issuing agencies provide to investors after their bonds are sold.
The flyover, announced to Israelis by Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin's office, was an attempt to show how quickly changes were going into effect after the signing in Washington last week of a declaration ending the state of war between Jordan and Israel.
To the people of Israel and yourself, all our best wishes and our prayers for peace, shalom.'' After arriving in Amman, the king told reporters that seeing Jerusalem after so many years had been ``a very emotional experience.'' Jordan controlled East Jerusalem before it was captured by Israel in the 1967 Arab-Israeli war.
``As for the Dream Team, I think we'd beat them easily,'' O'Neal crowed today on the eve of the 1994 World Basketball Championships, after he and some of his baby boomer teammates tried to tear down a few rims as practice wound down.
A lack of buying after Tuesday's rally also pressured wheat prices and there was speculation the rally might have been overdone.
``It was a serious tear,'' said Dr. Pete Indelicato, one of the two Dolphin team physicians who operated on Marino the day after the injury.
The gods don't, after all, care about practice games.
President Boris Yeltsin's patience snapped last week after a mass kidnapping by a Chechen gang in the Russian resort town of Mineralnye Vody, on the Chechen border.
Yeltsin sent troops in but rescinded the order two days later after protests in Parliament.
(Not, the company says, because it wouldn't reproduce on some copiers.) The name Xerox will always appear in red, but only after the appearance of the black-lettered, capitalized words: the Document Company.
Nearly a month after the players participated in an All-Star Game they traditionally play gratis in return for the clubs' contributions to their pension fund, the players have found that the owners have no intention of making their annual August contribution.
``If the players had intended or wanted to gear the payment of the pension funds to the All-star Game, then the agreement would have said that,'' Richard Ravitch, the owners' chief negotiator, told reporters after the negotiating session.
12 because no full bargaining session was set after Wednesday's tense meeting, an ominous sign if ever there was one.
 (BC-CIGAR-PARTIES-2TAKES-KAN) For Lou Petrakos, nothing beats the aroma that lingers after a cigar's been burning for a while.
This, after all, was a ``smoker,'' and the crowd of a dozen men and one woman was gathered to admire the host's walk-in cedar-lined humidor with its stash of nearly 5,000 cigars, to discuss the finer points of ring gauges and to revel in the smoky aroma of it all.
And -- as one after another of them pointed out all evening -- to not inhale.
Only after hours can he trade his tie for a polo shirt.
They may well have a three-button silhouette, an idea that's catching on five years after Giorgio Armani showed it.
Other analysts rebuke Clinton for again raising the specter of a currency war only a few weeks after reassuring the rest of the world that he was sincere about wanting a strong and stable dollar.
26, Hasty's status was described as ``a question.'' He has started 87 regular-season games -- including a remarkable comeback last year when, a week after fracturing his cheek against the Miami Dolphins and undergoing surgery, he returned to play against the Indianapolis Colts.
``The world is changing,'' he said, ``and so perhaps should our view of history.'' Hiraoka's view and museum project he pressed after taking office four years ago are not popular with everyone here.
``I didn't know how deeply Hiroshima was involved in the war,'' said Kimiko Kimoto, a housewife who moved to Hiroshima seven years after the bombing, when it was still in ruins.
 (BC-INMATE-RETURNS-450&ADD(2TAKES)-SFCHRON) Twenty years after escaping from San Quentin prison, Larry Stiner turned himself in, claiming that he did so to make a better life for his family in America.
``It's the violence,'' Stiner said in the first interview since his return to San Quentin after years of hiding in Suriname.
I wouldn't feel safe.'' His family remains in Suriname, having given up attempts to immigrate to the U.S. after none of Stiner's relatives here could provide the required financial support.
During the interview, Stiner was vague on certain details of his life after the escape and declined to discuss others.
In fact, his first meal after being returned to an American prison (in Florida) last February made him feel badly -- but it was better than at home.
He attended catechism classes and church on Sundays and was a father-figure to three younger siblings after their parents divorced.
``The problems arise, however, when the federal government does not assume responsibility for the costs associated with illegal entry into this country.'' Hispanic leaders were divided after Morales announced two months ago that he would take the action.
FOR WIDOWED GAZAN, A RETURN TO JERICHO BREEDS HOPE GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip  (BC-ISRAEL-WAZIR-NYT) At sunrise on the first day of July, Intissar Wazir rode across the Allenby Bridge from Jordan into the West Bank town of Jericho, returning to the land she calls Palestine after more than 30 years.
The two peoples can build strong ties after we achieve our rights.'' Mrs.
Like so many New York manufacturers before and after him, Volchik was convinced that he would save hundreds of thousands of dollars by locating elsewhere and avoiding all the hassles of doing business in the city.
The retreat of manufacturing jobs, after decades of almost nonstop decline, has recently come to a halt, according to new figures from the New York State Department of Labor.
Industry abandoned congested cities across the Northeast in a huge migration after World War II to large, more efficient single-floor factories in outlying areas.
There was no champagne, no celebrating and no predictions after the Yankees defeated the Brewers, 2-1, Wednesday in a rain-shortened seven-and-a-half-inning affair and assured themselves of remaining ensconced in first until the strike date of Aug.
Once the Orioles lost, 4-3, to the Twins on Wednesday and the Yankees followed with their sixth straight victory after waiting through a 68-minute rain delay, they clinched the top spot in the American League East.
I don't think anyone in here wants an asterisk beside this season.'' This game with the wacky, wet finish might have an asterisk beside it because the Brewers claimed they would consider protesting after the umpires waited for only a little more than an hour before calling the game.
If there is no strike or baseball resumes after a modest work stoppage, the Yankees would also be in an enviable position because they have a nine-game bulge over the Orioles.
Calla Urbanski, who has reunited with Marval two years after the 1992 Albertville Olympics, said, ``If they ever get ice.
Last fall, after three French consular officials were kidnapped by militants in Algiers, the French government rounded up a score of sympathizers of the Islamic Salvation Front here.
The officials said that just after 7 a.m. on Wednesday, gunmen in two cars killed two gendarmes guarding the gates to the sprawling housing complex and entered the area.
He said that staff for the aid agency, CARE International, refused to work at the airport after conditions became too threatening.
But after competitors arrived, Drexel was goaded into increasingly risky deals for fear of losing clients to rivals.
Merrill Lynch owes much of its strength in property trusts to the fact that it was one of the first to recognize their potential after banks, insurance companies and other traditional lenders to real estate companies pulled out of the market in the 1980s.
He cites punishment of war criminals by such courts after World War II in France and Germany as an antecedent -- but he ignores the more compelling precedent.
Nearly 50 years later, after life marked them both and the Soviet Union that punished them had itself died, she found him again through intermediaries.
For a total of almost 15 hours, from 5 o'clock Tuesday afternoon until 2 o'clock Wednesday morning and again Wednesday from 9:30 a.m. until after 3 p.m., Altman was forced to sit passively and respectfully, like a small boy in the principal's office or a motorist stopped for speeding, as lawmakers of both parties lectured him, reviled him and occasionally even questioned him.
Working late, after all, is part of the congressional routine.
One senator after another simply lectured Altman and when he tried to respond, cut him off saying there was too little time.
Shortly after midnight, Sen.
It was only last weekend, after he was accused of strangling and raping Megan Kanka, a 7-year-old who lived just across the street at No. 32, that they learned Timmendequas was a twice-convicted felon who had served six years for sexual assault.
New Jersey's law was passed in 1989, after Timmendequas had been released from prison.
But even if he had left prison after 1989, the law would not have had its intended effect in his case: Timmendequas had completed the legally required 6 years of his 10-year sentence, without being released early on parole, and so the authorities would have been required only to inform the prosecutor of Middlesex County, where he had committed the offense.
An adolescent Washington offender, he said, also had to move, after receiving death threats and finding his dog decapitated on his front step.
A huge price gain in American Cyanamid came in after-hours trading on Tuesday, so on Wednesday -- after a delay at the opening -- it sold off slightly to 90}, down 2\.
On the merger front, Holly Residential Properties gained 1], to 16\, after it agreed to a takeover by Wellsford Property Trust valued at $16.40 a share.
Foley, D-Wash., seemed to hint at the possibility at a news conference earlier in the day that the health-care bill could be put off until after the recess because of these technical problems.
Not surprisingly, after the meeting with Reischauer, a spokesman for the speaker emerged to quash any notion of breaking for recess without a vote on a health-care bill.
TWA, like many established carriers, is trying to lower its operating costs, the third-highest last year among the leading carriers after USAir and Delta Air Lines.
Employees own about 45 percent of TWA, after exchanging $660 million of concessions for three years to help the carrier emerge from bankruptcy.
In the first quarter, TWA's revenues increased 8.2 percent, to $760.6 million, from $702.7 million in the comparable period a year ago, after the airline increased its capacity by 8 percent.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) But after the collapse of his earlier plans, county officials appeared to have lost patience with Bernstein Wednesday and said they would consider going to court to block any concert on the site, scaled-down or not.
Grundner's intent is to create a cooperative called the Corporation for Public Cybercasting, patterned after the Corporation for Public Broadcasting.
This time he's after a criminal who also heads the security force for a Southern California theme park.
And even after an election board's ruling, the protesting candidate can go to court, as Rep.
Social Security numbers are routinely issued to children a few months after they are born.
``We have a chance to pass the toughest, smartest crime bill in the history of the United States, after six years of bickering over it,'' Clinton said at a televised news conference Wednesday night.
But relations between Washington and Amman -- which were damaged after Jordan's support of Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein after Iraq's 1990 invasion of Kuwait -- have improved significantly in recent months.
An additional 3,000 employees will leave Scott after that sale, Anderson said, though many of them will work for the new owner.
A confidential teletype sent to all 56 FBI field offices on Saturday evening, one day after the fatal shooting of a doctor and his security escort outside an abortion clinic in Pensacola, Fla., said the bureau had information, ``volunteered'' by abortion rights groups, indicating that about half a dozen anti-abortion militants might be posing ``a conspiracy that endeavors to achieve political or social change through activities that involve force or violence.'' The teletype listed well-known anti-abortion figures including the Rev.
On Friday about 5 p.m., less than 10 hours after the killing of Dr. John B.
Ms. Reno had promised after the killing of Gunn to launch an inquiry into whether the law enforcement authorities could use federal criminal conspiracy statutes, like those used against the Mafia, in cases involving anti-abortion extremists.
She was said by law enforcement officials to be disturbed to learn after Friday's shootings at how little had actually been done.
Speaking slowly and appearing pained, Bentsen said that after 30 years in public service, including 18 in the Senate, ``my reputation is something I treasure.'' He proceeded to flatly deny accounts by the two others that he had been briefed about any discussions with the White House concerning investigations by the Resolution Trust Corp.
The Treasury secretary has tried to remain above the Whitewater fray, insisting he knew nothing of the meetings over civil and criminal investigations into a savings and loan with ties to the Clintons until long after they occurred.
The company made its earnings announcement after the close of stock trading Wednesday.
The Associated Press reported that Chiuchiolo contacted the Simpson defense shortly after the June 12 stabbing deaths.
the last time, as you know, as a member of Congress.'' Richardson, 46, a graduate of Tufts University's Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy and a former staffer at the State Department and the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, briefed Clinton at the White House after returning in July from a stormy five-and-a-half hour meeting with Cedras.
American Cyanamid shares, which had been on a two-year slide, languishing in the mid-$40s only six months ago, soared to $93 after the American Home Products offer.
In a statement after receiving Tuesday's offer from American Home Products, American Cyanamid said it ``has been considering a number of strategic alternatives.'' The company added that it ``will in due course review the American Home Products unsolicited proposal in light of these alternatives.'' Harvey S.
``We buried her Monday, and I'm here today to tell Congress that right is right.'' Cox, who faces hospital bills that could amount to $1 million, asked the president to name the health care bill after his wife, who was 55.
King, an African-American, was beaten by police after initially refusing to pull over for speeding.
At least 92 people were injured, many after being jolted from their sleep and thrown about the topsy-turvy cabins like rag dolls.
``I heard a noise like metal screaming and it felt like the train was shifting,'' said Page Yoder, an 18-year-old student who was returning home to Fairview, Mich., after a two-week vacation in New York City.
Hilchey, the assistant chief of the Oakfield Fire Department, who arrived shortly after 4 a.m. ``There was a bunch of screaming and yelling.
BENEFITS COMING TO END FOR EARTHQUAKE'S JOBLESS LOS ANGELES  (BC-RETAIL-JOBLESS-LADN) More than six months after the earthquake destroyed the Northridge Bullock's, seamstress Sarah Gatti still hasn't found work, and her unemployment benefits are running out.
For those who applied for benefits right after the quake, the end of the line has passed.
It lifted the fee after Vice President Al Gore brought the two countries back to the table.
That bypass system saved the Fraser River's salmon runs after railroad construction created obstacles to upstream migration.
CLINTON PRESSES HARD FOR PASSAGE OF HEALTH CARE BILL WASHINGTON  (BC-CLINTON-625(2TAKES)-NYT) Asserting that Congress has a ``historic opportunity'' this year to enact universal health care legislation after six decades of failure, President Clinton accused Republican lawmakers Wednesday night of abandoning their earlier support for guaranteed benefits and said the responsibility for finding a workable formula ``now should shift'' to them.
President -- I don't guess I'm supposed to say that, but anyway'' -- to name the Democratic insurance legislation after his late wife.
25, the day after he gave admittedly incomplete information to the Senate Banking Committee and failed to tell them that recusal was a topic of conversation with White House officials on Feb.
SYMPATHY DWINDLES AS NEW MEMBER OF BESET FAMILY IS ARRESTED ELMSFORD, N.Y.  (BC-LARCENY-TRAGEDY-475&ADD-NYT) A year ago, after robbing a liquor store at gunpoint, Eric Shames inspired more sympathy than outrage.
We have a chance to pass the toughest, smartest crime bill in the history of the United States after six years of bickering over it.
Now, after 60 years of trying and 18 months of sometimes trying debate, the question of guaranteeing coverage for all Americans has come to the floor of the Congress and will be decided in the next few weeks in a few critical votes.
Patricia Scurlock, administrator for Glenoaks, called the problem ``an isolated incident.'' She said the fine subsequently was overturned after the facility demonstrated that it had reported the incident to state regulators and followed proper procedures.
``It's a great city,'' Barbour, who is from Mississippi, said after lunch at Tavern on the Green.
``They were supposed to go back to their countries after the war,'' but they could not.
	Wells Rich was awarded the account after a four-month review that also included Bloom FCA of Dallas; the Leo Burnett Co. of Chicago; William Eisner & Associates of Milwaukee; Foote, Cone & Belding of Chicago, and Miller Meester Advertising of Minneapolis.
 (BC-ONLINE-LURE-2ndtake-LADN) The key to survival will be the ability to keep members after the introductory period, analysts say.
For many consumers, the ability to exchange e-mail messages and get news updates wears thin after awhile, analysts say.
5, 1993 -- one month after Polly is believed to have been murdered -- to report having seen the girl three days before in a parking lot.
It was only after the final wind sprint had been run that Gogan would stop thinking ill of Johnson.
Even though he became an unrestricted free agent after last season, Gogan said he had no plans to test the market.
``I would have had a hard time telling the man `I'm not going to play for you anymore' after he had done so much for me.
Johnson was Gogan's biggest supporter among Cowboys brass, but after the coach was gone the player was deemed less valuable and the Cowboys made only a cursory attempt to keep him, Gogan said.
But I'll just leave it at that.'' Davis refused to reveal the nature of the injury to reporters and Shell would only say that it was in the ``leg area.'' Davis left Sunday's exhibition against the Denver Broncos after apparently twisting his knee or ankle in the second quarter, but returned after missing only one play.
The Los Angeles Conservancy came out in support of demolition after determining there were no practical alternatives, said executive director Linda Dishman.
Webb said the Coliseum Commission probably will start working on plans for a new press box after the 1994 season.
As the 50th anniversary of the bombing nears, Tibbets has begun campaigning against what he calls the politicizing of his aircraft, which he named after his mother.
They also point out that the Enola Gay, fully assembled, will take its place among other historic aircraft at the planned Air and Space Museum annex near Dulles International Airport in suburban Virginia sometime after 2000.
As the 50th anniversary of the bombing nears, Tibbets has begun campaigning against what he calls the politicizing of his aircraft, which he named after his mother.
They also point out that the Enola Gay, fully assembled, will take its place among other historic aircraft at the planned Air and Space Museum annex near Dulles International Airport in suburban Virginia sometime after 2000.
The outspoken Moscow politician sent shock waves through Western governments last year after his Nationalist Party defeated democratic reformers in parliamentary elections.
The outspoken Moscow politician sent shock waves through Western governments last year after his Nationalist Party defeated democratic reformers in parliamentary elections.
``I'm ashamed to live in the state of Arkansas, the only state in the union where they carry out mass executions,'' Mark Cambiano, Richley's lawyer, said after his client's death.
The appeals court then told Woods to rule on whether or not there were significant differences in Vicki Lehman's testimony before and after the hypnosis.
CLINTON PUTS ONUS FOR HEALTH CARE ON REPUBLICANS WASHINGTON  (BC-CLINTON-1STLD-WRITETHRU-750&ADDS(2TAKES)-NYT) Asserting that Congress has a ``historic opportunity'' this year to enact universal health care legislation after six decades of failure, President Clinton accused Republican lawmakers on Wednesday night of abandoning their earlier support for guaranteed benefits and said the responsibility for finding a workable formula ``now should shift to them.'' But in the third prime-time news conference of his term, Clinton was also forced to answer accusations that he had abandoned his stated goal of insuring every American by endorsing the version of insurance legislation unveiled on Tuesday by the Senate majority leader, George J.
At least 92 people were injured, many after being jolted from their sleep and thrown about the topsy-turvy cabins like rag dolls.
``I heard a noise like metal screaming and it felt like the train was shifting,'' said Page Yoder, an 18-year-old student who was returning home to Fairview, Mich., after a two-week vacation in New York City.
UNION LEADER SAYS TEACHERS A STEP CLOSER TO STRIKE VOTE LOS ANGELES  (BC-TEACHERS-LASCHOOLS-LADN) The head of the teachers union said that teachers were a step closer to a strike vote after two days of negotiations failed to bring the union and the Los Angeles Unified School District closer to resolving a salary dispute.
Speaking slowly and appearing pained, he said that after 30 years in public service, including 18 in the Senate, ``my reputation is something I treasure.'' He proceeded to flatly deny accounts by the two others that he had been briefed about any discussions with the White House concerning investigations by the Resolution Trust Corp.
The Treasury secretary has tried to remain above the Whitewater fray, insisting he knew nothing of the meetings until long after they occurred.
Hopefully, he's going to find that niche and make the ballclub and be comfortable with it.'' While he's steadily finding a comfort zone on the field, Jackson has put himself in position for life after football.
Those conferences have automatic berths in the alliance, which starts after the 1995 regular season.
The advisory council of the Orange Bowl Committee has recommended the game be moved to Joe Robbie Stadium after the bowl's two-year contract with the city of Miami and the Orange Bowl expires.
He said Worrell has made no adjustments in his pitching motion, but rather has simply settled down after working well in some non-cliffhanging appearances.
Worrell was impressive over the weekend after being put into games against Houston in which the Dodgers led by 6-1 and 7-1.
And it's no mystery what happened the last time they took to the road -- 10 losses in 13 games immediately after the All-Star break.
If it wasn't Tony Fernandez getting caught in a rundown after his first-inning run-scoring single, Black never would have gotten the second out.
When La Russa hurried out to the mound in the bottom of the fourth to talk things over after Witt had started the inning with a walk to Wally Joyner, Witt listened attentively, peered intently at catcher Terry Steinbach, then served up a 2-0 pitch that designated hitter Bob Hamelin crushed 390 feet to right field.
At his best, after the three straight shutouts, his earned-run average was 4.69, so even then it seemed unlikely a permanent transformation had occurred.
 (BC-FBN-49ERS-235&ADD-SFCHRON) Roger Craig retired Wednesday, ending his second tenure as a San Francisco 49er after one day, in a ceremony of good cheer far different from the mixed emotions that surrounded his first separation from the team in 1991.
``Carmen (Policy) gets rid of Roger, and I bring him back,'' DeBartolo said, a joking reference to team president Policy's decision after the 1990 season to allow Craig, along with Ronnie Lott, to escape as Plan B free agents.
Before the friendly stranger with the Texas accent started the massage and after he changed the station to classical music, he warned me that it would hurt and I should try not to ``cuss 'r holler.'' I said I'd try not to, but I have to tell you it was hard not to cuss or holler.
Even though an article in the Dayton Daily News mentioned Tama's offer not long after Michael Fay arrived home in June, a Tama spokeswoman said that few people have purchased the canes.
``Now the government is taking a minor incident and going after him like he's Baby Face Nelson,'' Leah Prewitt, Turner's public defender, said, referring to the 1930s Chicago mobster.
A month after that, Virginia prosecutors charged Turner with robbing a bank at which he was a customer and one other.
A government witness testified she saw him run from his bank after it was robbed.
Days after he moved to Knoxville in late 1993, federal agents ransacked his new home and found his wife's gun collection.
BLACK-OWNED GEORGIA FIRMS SAY DISASTER LOANS `ESSENTIAL' ALBANY, Ga.  (BC-FLOOD-BLACK-BIZ-COX) ``I can tell you,'' said Andy Hinson, ``those hogs smelled bad, real bad.'' Hinson, 33, returned to his family's Albany meat market 10 days -- as soon as he could because of closed bridges -- after the Flint River flood surged 6 feet deep through the market.
A week after the flood, Woodgrain Millwork Inc., a manufacturer of finished wood products, announced it would open a plant in Albany that would employ 200 to 300 workers.
He did this, he said, so the FBI would protect him in case the New York City cop who told him to kill the Libyans would come after him -- although he said he didn't tell the FBI he had killed Castellano.
As the 50th anniversary of the bombing nears, Tibbets has begun campaigning against what he calls the politicizing of his aircraft, which he named after his mother.
They also point out that the Enola Gay, fully assembled, will take its place among other historic aircraft at the planned Air and Space Museum annex near Dulles International Airport in suburban Virginia sometime after 2000.
As the 50th anniversary of the bombing nears, Tibbets has begun campaigning against what he calls the politicizing of his aircraft, which he named after his mother.
They also point out that the Enola Gay, fully assembled, will take its place among other historic aircraft at the planned Air and Space Museum annex near Dulles International Airport in suburban Virginia sometime after 2000.
But month after month, the Romanov reburial has been put off without explanation.
The outspoken Moscow politician sent shock waves through Western governments last year after his Nationalist Party defeated democratic reformers in parliamentary elections.
The outspoken Moscow politician sent shock waves through Western governments last year after his Nationalist Party defeated democratic reformers in parliamentary elections.
Only later -- after hearing about the murder on television -- did he realize that he had actually killed the mob leader, he said.
5, 1993 -- one month after Polly is believed to have been slain -- and said that he had seen her three days earlier in a parking lot.
In Los Angeles, a defendant was acquitted of trying to murder two police officers in part because defense attorneys undermined the credibility of a key prosecution witness who had several traffic tickets dropped after helping police, Jackson said.
Such raw partisanship bodes poorly for the search for truth when the next, more substantive hearings are held after Fiske completes his investigation.
The Pettit native joined the Star-Telegram in 1954 after attending the Art Institute in Dallas.
More on MOLAR on page 2.'') In the bed of a pickup I found a business card for a law firm, some empty beer cans and a bottle of Wesson oil, as if the driver had needed a lawyer after getting drunk and using the truck to run over Florence Henderson.
That is what journalist Frederick Allen found after diving headfirst into the vast files and talking to key people at the Atlanta-based company, which now boasts $50 billion in sales in 195 countries.
His story begins shortly after the Civil War with a Confederate veteran and war hero named John Stith ``Doc'' Pemberton, a pharmacist who experimented with patent medicines.
When the French government banned the product in a fit of nationalism after WWII, Americans rallied behind their soft drink and instantly began a self-imposed ban on French products, particularly wine.
Smith said efforts to eradicate rabies took a promising turn last year after researchers developed a vaccine that helps prevent the virus' spread.
Tension is high in Mexico, especially since billionaire banker Alfredo Harp Helu was nabbed by unknown kidnappers March 14 and held for 106 days before being released 72 hours after his family reportedly paid a $30 million ransom.
``Kidnappings are plaguing the country,'' Julio Millan, president of the Mexico City-based security firm International Consulting, told the Mexican news agency Notimex after Harp was freed.
Tension is high in Mexico, especially since billionaire banker Alfredo Harp Helu was nabbed by unknown kidnappers March 14 and held for 106 days before being released 72 hours after his family reportedly paid a $30 million ransom.
``Kidnappings are plaguing the country,'' Julio Millan, president of the Mexico City-based security firm International Consulting, told the Mexican news agency Notimex after Harp was freed.
This is about whether, after revenue sharing, there is enough to go around two or three or twelve times over for every millionaire in the bunch, and who gets to cut the cake this time.
But maybe after the strike has come and gone, you could all spare a warm thought for the poor fellows who run the teams in Pittsburgh and Montreal.
It includes a policy of not allowing children younger than 3 years old in PG-13 or R-rated movies starting after 6 p.m., even with their parents.
As a result, the philosophy graduate from Columbia University and alumnus of the University of Southern California -- whose student film about a youth who used his scholarship to pay off drug debts got him the ``Heathers'' job -- expects that some folks will want to know about life after ``Hawk.'' And he's happy to answer that yes, it was painful, but no, it didn't taint him for life.
Indeed, the father of two dabbled in scripts and directed an episode of the NBC drama ``Homicide: Life on the Streets'' in the year after ``Hawk'' was released and work began on ``Airheads.'' But the experience on the film about a world-renowned cat burglar named Hudson Hawk was not one he could forget easily.
Lehmann wanted Jesse Bradford (``King of the Hill'') for the role, not the little big guy from ``Home Alone.'' So Lehmann quit -- after nine months on the job.
It's an interactive process, about how musicians interact with machines and each other.'' Crowded House vocalist Neil Finn said his band responded to Youth ``because he's a bit of a nut -- and it turns out he's not much of a `youth' after all.
That means we must bear most of the burden of armed intervention and of the cleanup after Lt. Gen.
But after he became president, he realized that such a policy was creating chaos in the Caribbean and in Florida.
Like the Hurricane-battered Caribbean in which it is situated, Haiti has weathered one political storm after another for centuries.
A man in the film succeeds in calling the children ``You little rascals!'' but only after they've knocked him down with a Go Kart.
``The Odyssey of John Dos Passos'' tells of the writer's privileged yet deprived childhood (his millionaire father did not marry his mother until John was 14 years old); his World War I experience as an ambulance driver, out of which came his first novel, ``Three Soldiers''; his radical sympathies, expressed in ``Manhattan Transfer''; his hanging around with other expatriate writers in the Paris of the 1920s; his innovative use of cinematic techniques in ``U.S.A.''; his disillusionment with Communism during the Spanish Civil War, and his sharp turn to the right after World War II.
Boyd goes after something much more deliberate.
And coming as this does a mere 3{ months after former President Nixon died, the documentary reminds us that this man who was so deified in death was surely a scoundrel worthy of our contempt.
And coming as this does a mere 3{ months after former President Nixon died, the documentary reminds us that this man who was so deified in death was surely a scoundrel worthy of our contempt.
I hope the Israeli ambassador has more luck than I did in prising from the Holy See the real reason why a former Austrian president and lackluster United Nations chief who covered up his service in Hitler's army should be made Knight of the Order of Pius IX for his ``safeguarding of human rights.'' Such a knighthood, Vatican sources say, has to be approved by the Pope personally and happens ``very rarely.'' It was conferred on Waldheim on July 6, almost two years to the day after he left his post as president of Austria.
Consider this: Austria, under Waldheim's presidency, was one of the first countries to recognize Croatia after the breakup of Yugoslavia in 1991.
I hope the Israeli ambassador has more luck than I did in prising from the Holy See the real reason why a former Austrian president and lackluster United Nations chief who covered up his service in Hitler's army should be made Knight of the Order of Pius IX for his ``safeguarding of human rights.'' Such a knighthood, Vatican sources say, has to be approved by the Pope personally and happens ``very rarely.'' It was conferred on Waldheim on July 6, almost two years to the day after he left his post as president of Austria.
Consider this: Austria, under Waldheim's presidency, was one of the first countries to recognize Croatia after the breakup of Yugoslavia in 1991.
I hope the Israeli ambassador has more luck than I did in prising from the Holy See the real reason why a former Austrian president and lackluster United Nations chief who covered up his service in Hitler's army should be made Knight of the Order of Pius IX for his ``safeguarding of human rights.'' Such a knighthood, Vatican sources say, has to be approved by the Pope personally and happens ``very rarely.'' It was conferred on Waldheim on July 6, almost two years to the day after he left his post as president of Austria.
Consider this: Austria, under Waldheim's presidency, was one of the first countries to recognize Croatia after the breakup of Yugoslavia in 1991.
It is predicting a return to profit after losing almost DM2 billion in 1993.
It is predicting a return to profit after losing almost DM2 billion in 1993.
Aside from James Gammon's performance as a manager trying to stay calm after a bypass operation, the sequel sends a fast, silly original into a ``steep and strange decline'' (James).
Ei began writing the book after the deaths of a close friend and his father, who was a Buddhist priest, in 1992.
Ei began writing the book after the deaths of a close friend and his father, who was a Buddhist priest, in 1992.
It isn't, after all, something that anyone ever quotes from to impress people.
	KOREA-TALKS (Geneva) -- One month after the death of Kim Il Sung, the United States and North Korea resume crucial negotiations on North Korea's nuclear program here Friday, with American officials hopeful that the North remains interested in reaching an early accord.
said they plan to jointly build a $300 million Las Vegas resort themed after New York City.
On June 10, 1981, two years after he became head of the small Republican Party, he became the first post-war Italian prime minister to be drawn from outside ranks of the Christian Democratic Party.
A 1985 official biography of Spadolini, issued after he spent two years as defense minister, said his administrations ``saw the victory of political democracy over terrorism.'' He became speaker of the Senate in 1987 and was made a senator-for-life in 1991.
Through Labor Day, hours are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Sunday; the museum closes after Labor Day.
	All five defendants are charged with three counts of personal injury, one for each of the patients known to have been infected after receiving blood from the company.
	GENEVA (NYT) -- One month after the death of the North Korean leader, Kim Il Sung, the United States and North Korea resume crucial negotiations on North Korea's nuclear program here Friday, with American officials hopeful that Pyongyang's new regime remains interested in reaching an early accord.
	The talks were interrupted after just one day last month by news of Kim's death July 7.
All five defendants are charged with three counts of personal injury, one for each of the patients known to have been infected after receiving blood from the company.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) The opening session of the trial Thursday was suspended after the presiding judge accepted a defense motion asking for time to determine whether any of the three judges or their relatives might have received infected blood.
The White House leakers who used to tout him as the next secretary of the Treasury now claim he really wasn't close to the president after all.
A movie fan (``all kinds of movies -- Hollywood movies, European movies, Chinese melodramas''), he spent four years at the Academy of Art in Taipei, where he landed after failing the entrance exam that would have put him in a regular college.
``If we got the ball, they were all over it.'' The turning point, the coach noted, came after the Americans started shooting from the outside.
Bombay stores sell accessories and ready-to-assemble furnishings modeled after old English styles.
That's the first point, and it's actually a correct observation.'' 	WASHINGTON (NYT) -- Democrats in the House and Senate watched each other nervously Thursday, the day after President Clinton publicly embraced a relatively weak Senate health plan, wary about taking a potentially costly position in the health care debate until they could see what their colleagues would do.
The grand jury is looking into possible criminal charges against Michael Jackson, the Compton Police officer seen repeatedly hitting Felipe Soltero with his baton after being called to Soltero's house by a social worker investigating charges of child neglect against Soltero's mother.
``That's why even Karadzic, whom nobody trusts, is still accepted by officials in Geneva as a credible negotiator long after any semblance of his credibility has vanished,'' Cousin concludes.
State chairman Ludwig Vogel said Stern should not have challenged the disclosure requirements, but simply delayed complying with them and paid any necessary fines, then withdrawn from the race, if he wished, after being certified for the ballot Oct.
23 filing deadline, after which the party committee on vacancies could pick a successor -- perhaps James Ostrowski, a Buffalo lawyer who had been the original favorite.
Shortly after the unlimited marital deduction was added to estate tax laws in 1981, members of Congress began to worry that a spouse who was not a citizen would use the deduction to escape estate tax entirely and then take the money to another country.
Allan Jackson, owner of Jackson's, a high-end restaurant in West Hollywood, Calif., whose 15 investors put up $30,000 to $40,000 apiece, recalled that in April, ``when we mailed our statements showing our losses -- after all, we were only 11 months old -- one of my first calls came from an investor who told me, `Thanks for the writeoff.' '' But with other investors at least hoping for more positive results, today's restaurant dealmakers often emphasize bottom-line practicalities.
``I sit them down and try to ask them if it's the glitz they're after or dollars and cents,'' said Jeffrey Levine, an accountant in the Newton, Mass., firm Alkon & Levine P.C. ``If they say it's the money, I try to make them think about the realities.'' But most of the time, he conceded, ``it's really just the glitz they're after.'' Of course, there are some financial investors who manage to keep their eyes squarely on the bottom line.
Neither qualified for in the Winter Games in Norway -- although Rocky and his partner, Natasha Kuchiki, were jobbed -- but shortly after the Games, somebody made a phone call.
The 32-member commission was created by President Clinton after last year's bruising budget battles.
Partly for political reasons, the panel will make no recommendations to President Clinton on how to fix the problem until after the Nov.
Even so, a month after he caught an elbow that fractured a bone in his skull during the U.S. soccer team's 1-0 loss to Brazil during the World Cup, Tab Ramos is on the mend.
The 32-member commission was created by President Clinton after last year's bruising budget battles.
Partly for political reasons, the panel will make no recommendations to President Clinton on how to fix the problem until after the Nov.
``That ideology has not been borne out by research.'' Even Republicans, always wary of giving the federal government control over local issues, nevertheless incorporated the new officers into their own anti-crime proposal after its political appeal became apparent.
Federal funding of the new officers would last only five years, after which local communities would have to pick up the federal government's 75 percent share if they wanted to retain them.
He was, after all, only a country teen-ager when he first played pro ball, with the Indianapolis Clowns of the dying Negro League.
He was, after all, a kid who cut school in 1948 because Jackie Robinson was coming to the local drugstore to tell black folks they could make it, too.
He was involved in the NAACP before and after it was hip.
Altman said he had delayed recusing himself from the probe after White House pressed him to stay.
A second round of hearings could come next fall, after independent counsel Robert Fiske has concluded the next phase his investigation: the removal of Whitewater documents stored in the office of deputy White House counsel Vincent Foster shortly after his suicide last year.
About 100 persons worked in the building that also housed a Jewish group studying government files on Nazis in Argentina after World War II.
While that subject is open for debate, the Argentine government did increase security at 283 Jewish and Muslim sites throughout the country after the latest blast.
Certainly that country, which became the adoptive home to fleeing Nazi fugitives after World War II, ought to be especially vigilant in this area.
He must begin construction by August 1996, after which the federal permit will expire.
LET IT BLEED: Speaking of fantastic perils, Texas' most ambitious independent film project of the moment looks to be Jerry Lentz's ``Bleed,'' whose progress finds the director/screenwriter and former radio personality back home in this republic after location excursions to Las Vegas and the Mojave Desert.
Despite the harvest indications, corn traders were subdued as they awaited production estimates due out after Wednesday's close by a prominent grain company.
Mass success, after years of a steady cult following, seems to have given Ms. Raitt new confidence as a songwriter.
The actual crowd swelled to an estimated 400,000, prompting the producers after a certain point to declare Woodstock a free festival.
God save us all from folks with that funny shine in their eyes! I thought of that fellow when my wife was telling about the political affair she attended the day after the Florida killings.
But days after the event, my wife still could not get out of mind the hatefulness in those faces and those voices.
People came from everywhere, and after some time, maybe one generation, there were common understandings.
Murphy said she decided to repay the personal loan two or three weeks ago after it became clear the campaign would not reach its goal of $500,000 for television advertising.
The campaign ended up with $265,000 to buy media time after paying expenses for staff, travel and other items, Murphy said.
``We've had these analysts predicting our demise year after year, and for those of us who have been there for a while, we're used to naysayers,'' Moseley said from his home.
Our boys ride wave after wave while Brown's voiceover narration unleashes a torrent of beach slang and uncorkable enthusiasm.
Rogers and Myers withdrew the proposal after other panel members warned that it could derail the entire settlement package.
But only the president himself could actually do the deed and only in one way -- by tearing up the promises he had made before and after the presidential campaign, including his own executive order.
Witness after witness at the hearings before the Committee on Governmental Affairs, most of whom supported statehood, spoke against alternatives like allowing the city's 600,000 residents to vote in other states or returning the district to Maryland.
The District of Columbia was created in 1791 by Congress from land ceded by Maryland and Virginia after Philadelphia police refused to protect the first Continental Congress from disgruntled former militiamen.
``It is my hope that by naming this reservoir after her, many people will realize that beauty lies not in publicity and fanfare.'' The name change will take effect when Mayor Rudolph Giuliani signs off the bill, which he is expected to do since it was he who suggested the name after consulting with Mrs.
Kennedy's spokeswoman, Melody Miller, praised the Council's action, saying, ``The senator feels that this is a lovely tribute by the people of New York.'' Stern likened the reservoir to the city's main airport, named after President John F.
``It's appropriate that a busy airport was named after our president, and that the first lady herself was given this.
``Zedillo is the candidate who will give us certainty,'' Hernandez said after a recent meeting of business leaders.
Troubles with the ice-making process at the arena became apparent after workers began converting the building from boxing.
Kenneth Keating, who replaced Reid after being defeated for re-election in 1964.
They had jumped 23 percent Wednesday in reaction to the offer and after Unitrin said it would raise its quarterly dividend to 40 cents from 35 cents.
American General had said that it based its offer on publicly available information and would consider raising its bid if it found additional value after looking at Unitrin's books and structuring the deal transaction in other ways, including a tax-free exchange of stock.
``I've scrimmaged against some guys who were that big just playing around in a pickup game when I was at USC but never against a woman that tall in a regulation game.'' After a slow start, the U.S. built a 40-34 halftime lead then went on a 14-3 spree after halftime and held a 62-40 advantage midway in the second half, its biggest margin.
Nearly 150 years after England gave up its claim to the Northwest, people are still searching for the ultimate balance between nature and comfort.
Some mothers have started naming their sons after him.
Virginia law prohibits the reopening of cases after so many years, so Honaker's lawyers, joined by state prosecutors, have appealed to the governor, George Allen, for clemency.
Even if it is saved, it is not always easy for lawyers to get it and have it tested after a case is closed.
And Harmon said he would not automatically provide evidence from old cases to lawyers who wanted to test DNA after a person was convicted.
The man, Terry Chalmers, who has served nine years in prison for a rape in Mount Vernon, N.Y., was convicted after the victim picked his picture out of a police display.
Now, because the DNA of Chalmers does not match that in the semen cells recovered after the rape, it appears that he could not have been the rapist, Neufeld said.
The board, made up of team and league player representatives, held a 75-minute telephone conference call Thursday, and Fehr said, ``Those views were very forcibly expressed.'' Nevertheless, after debating whether to stage an instant walkout today or strike a week from Friday, the board decided unanimously to hold to their original decision.
SERBIAN PRESIDENT SEVERS LINK WITH BOSNIAN SERBS SARAJEVO, Bosnia and Herzegovina  (BC-YUGOSLAVIA-SERBIA-NYT) The president of Serbia announced today that most political and economic links with Serbian nationalist rebels in neighboring Bosnia were being severed after the Bosnian Serbs rejected an international plan for ending the war here.
NEW YORK MERCANTILE EXCHANGE TO REMAIN IN CITY NEW YORK  (BC-MERCANTILE-EXCHANGE-NYT) A day after it formally completed its merger with the Commodity Exchange, the New York Mercantile Exchange announced Thursday that it would build a new office tower in lower Manhattan, keeping its headquarters and 8,100 jobs in the city.
The exchange, which has been in the World Trade Center since 1977, decided to build the tower beside the Hudson River in Battery Park City after ruling out another site in Manhattan and one in Jersey City, N.J., its chairman, Daniel Rappaport, said.
``The fact that after the recession, with all the importunings by our neighboring state, with all the seductions, with all the offers, they remain here is a confirmation that this is the financial center of the world.'' The decision to build a new headquarters for the exchange came after several years of searching and after it twice declared it would relocate.
Miller said he went along because it was his ``turn to sacrifice.'' After all, he said, she had been the main breadwinner after he quit his job in publishing to go to law school.
AUTO STOCKS LEAD MARKET IN A SELLOFF  (BC-MARKET-NYT) The stock market sagged under the weight of a selloff in auto stocks Thursday after total sales from Detroit's Big Three auto makers came in weaker than expected on Wednesday.
``IBM, which has been bucking the trend and has been a very good performer of late after a decent second quarter, has not given ground since,'' Rice said.
On May 22, Kidd allegedly fled the scene after a high-speed collision on the connector ramp between Interstates 580 and 80 near the San Francisco Bay Bridge.
Oakland Municipal Court Judge Jeffrey Tauber set trial for September 30 after Kidd rejected a plea bargain.
A fourth Tokoza hostel was actually torn apart brick by brick after the inmates were routed.
``For us, there's nothing like `We agree to disagree,''' said Dumisani Buthelezi (no relation to the urban cattleman), who sought refuge in Hostel No. 1 after his fruit store and house were torched.
``Even after 10 years, they can attack you.'' And yet to bulldoze the hostels, said Tokyo Sexwale, the provincial leader for the region around Johannesburg, would, in the volatile townships east of Johannesburg alone, throw 20,000 men onto the streets -- with guns.
More savvy stock buyers are purchasing equities in anticipation of rising prices shortly after the elections.
In March, after the assassination of ruling party presidential candidate Luis Donaldo Colosio, the rate had risen to a high of 18 percent.
The deal is for six years, but the conferences can get out by majority vote after three years.
MMM itself has already succeeded in starting a new pyramid scheme, issuing pieces of paper called ``Mavrodiki,'' after the company's founder, Sergei Mavrodi, who is still considered something of a folk hero.
But after the tax police came after Mavrodi on Thursday, he announced the closing of all MMM offices.
HAITIANS EXPEL 3 AMERICAN JOURNALISTS PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti  (BC-HAITI-JOURNALISTS-NYT) Haiti's ruling military authorities expelled three American journalists Thursday after they were caught filming in one of the special ``strategic zones'' recently declared out of bounds to foreign reporters.
They were detained and held for four hours on July 31 after they filmed at the capital's airport for a story on the tightening of economic sanctions against Haiti.
Long after an appellate court had refused to extend the filing period, the lawyer continued to tell his client that the appeal was alive.
But plaintiffs' lawyers insist that the phenomenon persists, with both personal and professional consequences, and that it dissuades many lawyers from going after peers.
Barrett flew in northern Africa in World War II, in Korea and in Vietnam, and he retired as a lieutenant colonel in the Air Force after 28 years of service.
And after an abortion doctor, David Gunn, was shot to death last year, Barrett became so angry that he volunteered to be an escort for Gunn's replacement, so that it would never happen again.
Indeed, Carroll says Mitchell is his best receiver at making something happen after a catch.
Marvin Jones will see more than half the action after Kyle Clifton starts at middle linebacker.
Two weeks after the Feb.
``The attorneys' fees act certainly helped pursuade me to accept this case.'' A decade ago, Friedman represented inmates at the Long Island Correctional Facility in West Brentwood, which New York state sought to close after townspeople protested having the prison in their community.
U.S. TO RESUME NUCLEAR WEAPONS TALKS WITH NORTH KOREA ON FRIDAY GENEVA, Switzerland  (BC-KOREA-TALKS-NYT) One month after the death of President Kim Il-sung, North Korea and the United States are to resume crucial negotiations on North Korea's nuclear program here on Friday, with American officials hopeful that the new leadership in the North remains interested in reaching a swift accord.
Murera arrived back in Gisari last Saturday, after walking for a day, with two of his brothers and another brother's wife.
In a short conversation after the briefing in the Old Executive Office Building adjacent to the White House, Ms. Tyson said she had been trying to point out that the American public always blames administrations for poor performance and that she had not meant to single out reporters for criticism.
But it backed away from that position after it was criticized by many Republican members of Congress.
Hudgins switched to Blue Cross last year after his previous insurer effectively raised his rates 35 percent.
A politician who likes calculated risks, but only after carefully picking his spots, he has never lost an election.
She then hired him as her campaign manager and, after she won, as a Senate aide.
Our joke was that after you voted no on the budget -- and were dispossessed of your office -- you could hold your first press conference out in the hall of the Capitol, saying, `Now I'm going to run for governor because things have to be done differently here.' '' 
MGM TO BUILD SECOND CASINO IN LAS VEGAS  (BC-MGM-CASINO-400&ADD-NYT) Six months after opening the country's biggest casino resort, MGM Grand Inc.
The new casino, to be called New York-New York, with a facade modeled after the New York skyline and 1,500 rooms, is banking on a continued national gambling craze and on boom times in Las Vegas, which is having a record summer.
He added, ``Obviously, the White House must do more to mobilize Democrats in support of candidates this year.'' The notion that incumbents should separate themselves from a president of their own party is nothing new: Some Republican officials gave such advice in 1990, after President George Bush agreed to a deal to raise taxes.
But the Russian representative, Yuli Vorontsov, said after the announcement from Belgrade that he considered the new Serbian position to be a possible ``turning point'' in efforts to bring about peace in Bosnia.
He ran upstairs after he was shot, but the men chased him down and held him on a bed while he was shot again as his wife lay on the bedroom floor.
	A day after Dow Corning agreed to pay millions of dollars in settlements to women who said silicone breast implants had made them ill, a public interest group asked the FDA to ban the most common alternative implant.
	A day after completing its merger with the Commodity Exchange, the New York Mercantile Exchange said it would build new offices in Manhattan, keeping its headquarters in the city.
	Markets 	Treasury prices fell after a Federal Reserve official raised market concerns that today's employment report might prompt the Fed to raise interest rates.
``I think it is amazing that 50 years after television made it onto the national scene we have not, until this moment, had a degree program using TV as a teacher,'' said Ernest Boyer, president of the Carnegie Endowment for the Advancement of Teaching in Princeton, N.J. Boyer said the U.S. has lagged far behind countries such as England, China and Japan in using video technology for higher education.
Although the deal came together after Tele-Communications and Comcast sweetened their offer, the three weeks of negotiations have indicated that the once-friendly relationship between the chairman of QVC, Barry Diller, and the president of Comcast, Brian L.
For example, even though Comcast is scheduled to complete the takeover within a month, Diller, who has three million options that can be exercised after December, must remain with the company until that time.
All the businesses in the area that are open 24 hours a day are dead after dark.'' A customer, Josephine Genovese, also appeared shaken.
According to Dave Yates, who said he was sent to the scene by David Mendes, the bees' owner, Baker was able to pull on his bee protective suit after the crash and was not stung.
``But I'm also feeling a little better than I was a couple of years ago.'' Eighteen months after the horrific crash at Elkhart Lake, Wis., in 1990, Foyt suffered a broken shoulder while practicing for the Daytona 500, though he did finish the race.
My tongue will probably be hanging out after 10 laps.
``They make too much money to leave, but they can't stand the thought of doing the same thing day after day for the rest of their lives,'' Ms. Festa said.
``They're all searching for that lucky streak that'll win back what they lost,'' said a woman who quit working as a croupier after three years to return to college.
Her worst moment: A high roller on a hot streak refused to leave the craps table to go to a restroom after hours of play, and he relieved himself under the table, sending her and other croupiers scattering.
``If you're constantly in the company of high rollers who throw tens of thousands of dollars around, you start thinking your salary is not that great after all,'' said Harvey R.
In the first detailed account of the scandal that has rocked Kidder and forced the resignations of three top executives, the report said that Joseph Jett began his phantom trading almost immediately after arriving at the brokerage firm in 1991.
``We expect them to test the report,'' Lynch said in an interview after it was released Thursday.
Jett was fired on April 17, immediately after his superiors became convinced that he had generated false profits and caused the firm to report hugely inflated earnings to its parent.
The report said he started cheating a few months after he arrived at Kidder in November 1991.
The Democratic Party said it decided to purchase time on CNN after CNN and the three commercial television networks refused a White House request for broadcasts of a single Oval Office address.
The report by Lynch, former chief of enforcement for the Securities and Exchange Commission and now a partner in the New York law firm of Davis, Polk & Wardwell, confirms the brokerage firm's account of what Jett did, an account that was given in the days after he was dismissed on April 17.
Several teams, including the Angels and Mariners, were prepared to walk after tonight's games.
We're very protective of our families, but ultimately our goal is to reach an agreement, and the 12th was something we needed to stick to.'' Lachemann pulled Leftwich in the fifth inning of Tuesday's game against the Mariners immediately after he nonchalantly fielded a Felix Fermin groundball and unintentionally threw it away.
3, a day after the White House meeting, Altman called a second meeting with administration aides to tell them he had decided not to disqualify himself.
Questioning from some Democrats and Republicans on the Senate panel indicated they felt Altman had been persuaded to remain as RTC chief after the Feb.
Unlike illegal aliens who manage to enter the United States and are picked up after they have been in the country for a time, stowaways and other illegal aliens intercepted at ports of entry have been treated as if they never arrived, said Nicholas Rizza, national refugee coordinator for Amnesty International.
The hope stems from the North's readiness to resume talks so soon after the death of Kim Il Sung, the only leader it had ever known, and from an editorial in the government-run newspaper that is unusually conciliatory by Pyongyang standards.
That day, Pepsico stock fell $3 a share, to $31.50, after reports that sales at Taco Bell and Pepsico's other restaurant chains -- which include KFC and Pizza Hut -- were unexpectedly slow.
She deceived one welfare office after another with a collection of fake or stolen documents for herself and her imaginary children, claiming parenthood for 11 sets of twins.
Such fraud will be difficult to repeat after electronic fingerprinting is introduced for welfare recipients, Ms. Mariani said.
In court Thursday, Ms. Simmons agreed to repay eventually $50,000 of the money she stole, signing over 10 percent of any public assistance she receives after she completes her prison term.
``Now that I'm secretary of the interior, it's even more interesting.'' While Babbitt said he was happy to be far removed ``from all the chaos in Washington (D.C.), where everybody is after you,'' he still had his normal policy-making role in mind.
Recently, Jacome, the young left-hander, has pitched the day after Bret Saberhagen, the ace of the New York Mets' staff.
On the trading block last winter and a favorite of scouts at spring training, Saberhagen appeared to be headed out of New York after two highly disappointing seasons with the Mets.
He was 82 and lived in Forest Hills, N.Y. He died after a long illness, said his daughter Gabriel Jules Zepecki.
He succeeded Edward Kosner, who left K-III Magazines after being named editor in chief of Esquire.
is still dismally low.'' Or, in the words of AAF editor Wayne Wilson, who supervised the project: ``If they've got time to show nuns in bikinis, they can show real stories.'' Static cling: Local sportscaster quote of the week: KTLA (Channel 5) veteran human Stu Nahan, after a maudlin parting with Luc Robitaille, sized up the Kings' trade of the All-Star winger to Pittsburgh for Rick Tocchet: ``Only time will tell, and the jury's still out.'' .
The two checked into the Catherine Street Family Respite shelter about 3 a.m. Thursday after they had been referred by the New York City Department of Homeless Services' Emergency Assistance Unit in the Bronx, said Sam Szurek, a spokesman for the department, which oversees the shelter.
	Amoco's awarding of the account, without a review, comes almost six months after Fallon was dismissed by Hefty.
He predicted that Congress would focus hearings on the entire issue after this fire season.
All the businesses in the area that are open 24 hours a day are dead after dark.
Two weeks after the Feb.
He apparently was able to pull on his bee protective suit after the crash and was not stung.
There's no category for brain-injured young adults in the social system.'' Grimes, who is estranged from her family, was paralyzed and suffered a slight speech impairment seven years ago after a brain hemorrhage and lived with the Hannas from Oct.
Offensive tackle Bruce Wilkerson was given the day off from practice while tackle Doug Skartvedt sat out the afternoon after aggravating a knee sprain.
This is an elite group and I won't run away from anybody.'' Lisa Anderson, the top-ranked female competitor, saw her first day of action after a first-round bye Wednesday.
``I know it was for me today, when I struck out in the first inning on a pitch 16 feet over my head,'' Butler said after the Dodgers' 1-0 victory over San Diego.
``I thought, after the guys got over the initial anger at someone trying to take your pension, that we'd decide going out a few extra days early is not going to do much good,'' Webster said.
As the strike looms, it appears closer Todd Worrell is righting himself after a first half of struggles.
bul8Telvision: NBC's three-year deal with the Cotton Bowl expires after the '95 game.
DECISION IS ANOTHER STAB DEEP IN HEART OF TEXAS DALLAS  (BC-FBC-ALLIANCE-SWC-REAX-TEX) Six months after watching the Southwest Conference break up, the Texas college football fraternity must face the reality of no longer having a major bowl game in the state.
``I don't think the Cotton Bowl people would be comfortable with Tier II after where they've been the last 58 years.'' Bob Sign of Arlington, the only member of the Fiesta Bowl committee from outside Arizona, put today's bowl situation in perspective.
That status changed in a hurry after Mast, a 37-year-old resident of Rockbridge Baths, Va., collected a check of $50,000 for a NASCAR pole record.
``I know this was as nervous as I ever get,'' said Mast, who sought out the advice of four-time Indy 500 winner A.J. Foyt of Houston after rain doused the track at 12:15 p.m. ``I asked A.J. what the weather could do to this racetrack,'' said Mast.
Twenty drivers, including series points leader Ernie Irvan and birthday boy Jeff Gordon, secured starting positions in a field that is expected to reach 44 after Friday's inverted second round.
Winston Cup regulars Kyle Petty (47th), Dick Trickle (48th) and Ken Schrader (69th with no time/speed after his engine ``laid down'') also will have to put up a number this afternoon.
``This team doesn't go after a lot of limelight,'' Mast said after explaining that transaction.
I think that cost me a tenth right there, but the rest of the corners were pretty good.'' Gordon, who celebrated his 23rd birthday Thursday, will start third after a lap at 171.125 in his multi-colored Chevy.
Irvan, who holds a 16-point lead over Earnhardt after 18 events, will start 17th in his No.28 T-Bird after a lap at 169.453 mph.
We feel with good-faith negotiations we can still get this done by the 12th (strike date).'' On the way to Dodger Stadium, on every radio station I punched up, there were bulletins about the possibility of a strike after Thursday's games.
On July 31, after the failure of trade talks in Washington, the American government formally served notice that it considered Japan to be guilty of discrimination against American firms in its purchases of telecommunications and medical equipment.
Hrbek, who officially announced his retirement today at the end of the season after 14 seasons with the Twins, received a rousing standing ovation before he batted against Abbott.
On July 31, after the failure of trade talks in Washington, the American government formally served notice that it considered Japan to be guilty of discrimination against American firms in its purchases of telecommunications and medical equipment.
Now the office has 3,500 staff looking after 23 million refugees on four continents.
Now the office has 3,500 staff looking after 23 million refugees on four continents.
Those who support including abortion in the bill point out that it is, after all, legal.
Forget all comparisons with Dream Team I because after 40 inaugural minutes of international competition, the worst suspicions about The Next Generation have already been realized.
``I think this was a good lesson for us,'' U.S. Coach Don Nelson said after his team, which actually trailed deep into the first half, outgunned the Spaniards, 115-100, in a sloppy, poorly executed and, most of all, shabbily defended opener.
``The difference between Dream Team I and us was that they were able to get up on teams and put them away,'' said Miller, after Spain fought back, closing to within 12 before it was over.
Those who support including abortion in the bill point out that it is, after all, legal.
Gross, who has won two straight outings after a five-start winless streak, pitched as if he were not distracted by anything.
``He kind of put his head down after he lost the first set,'' said Becker.
Nussbaum, the former White House counsel, began testifying at 10:20 p.m. and was still at the witness table well after midnight.
Two weeks after the Feb.
I hope the Israeli ambassador has more luck than I did in prising from the Holy See the real reason why a former Austrian president and lackluster United Nations chief who covered up his service in Hitler's army should be made Knight of the Order of Pius IX for his ``safeguarding of human rights.'' Such a knighthood, Vatican sources say, has to be approved by the Pope personally and happens ``very rarely.'' It was conferred on Waldheim on July 6, almost two years to the day after he left his post as president of Austria.
Consider this: Austria, under Waldheim's presidency, was one of the first countries to recognize Croatia after the breakup of Yugoslavia in 1991.
I hope the Israeli ambassador has more luck than I did in prising from the Holy See the real reason why a former Austrian president and lackluster United Nations chief who covered up his service in Hitler's army should be made Knight of the Order of Pius IX for his ``safeguarding of human rights.'' Such a knighthood, Vatican sources say, has to be approved by the Pope personally and happens ``very rarely.'' It was conferred on Waldheim on July 6, almost two years to the day after he left his post as president of Austria.
Consider this: Austria, under Waldheim's presidency, was one of the first countries to recognize Croatia after the breakup of Yugoslavia in 1991.
I hope the Israeli ambassador has more luck than I did in prising from the Holy See the real reason why a former Austrian president and lackluster United Nations chief who covered up his service in Hitler's army should be made Knight of the Order of Pius IX for his ``safeguarding of human rights.'' Such a knighthood, Vatican sources say, has to be approved by the Pope personally and happens ``very rarely.'' It was conferred on Waldheim on July 6, almost two years to the day after he left his post as president of Austria.
Consider this: Austria, under Waldheim's presidency, was one of the first countries to recognize Croatia after the breakup of Yugoslavia in 1991.
It is predicting a return to profit after losing almost DM2 billion in 1993.
It is predicting a return to profit after losing almost DM2 billion in 1993.
Ei began writing the book after the deaths of a close friend and his father, who was a Buddhist priest, in 1992.
Ei began writing the book after the deaths of a close friend and his father, who was a Buddhist priest, in 1992.
They've fallen back to 13 games under .500, after pushing their losing streak to six games with a 5-2 loss to the Kansas City Royals, but they're still in second place.
``The fact we didn't get any wins at the end doesn't take away from the fact we did what we did to make it meaningful.'' The Rangers increased their lead over the A's to 4 1/2 games after Thursday night's win over the Chicago White Sox, but a sweep this weekend would pull the A's right back.
	Airheads PG- 13 	As sweet and dumb as a surfer after a day of bitchin' curls, this very slight slacker satire stars Brendan Fraser, Adam Sandler and Steve Buscemi as rock star wannabes who try to get airplay by arming themselves with toy guns and busting into the booth of their favorite DJ (Joe Mantegna as a sympathetic Beatles-era rebel).
This classy, beautifully drawn cartoon effortlessly takes its place in the superb cycle of Disney neo-classics that began with ``The Little Mermaid.'' The lion cub Simba (voice by Jonathan Taylor Thomas, then Matthew Broderick) must reclaim his throne after his evil uncle, Scar (Jeremy Irons doing Claus Von Bulow with a mane), connives to have Simba's father, King Mufasa (James Earl Jones), killed.
And as North's mysterious spiritual guide, Willis wears out his welcome after the second costume change.
	Philadelphia PG-13 	Tom Hanks gives an Oscar-winning performance as a fast-track lawyer who sues his former firm after being fired for incompetence after he discovers he's HIV- positive.
Ahnuld's is the more recent and commented on -- how, from the depths of last summer's disastrous ``The Last Action Hero,'' he has risen, phoenixlike, to the huge-grossing heights of ``True Lies.'' The theories on his fall and rise have either been hubris-driven, i.e., he had it coming, especially after bragging about his PR marathon at Cannes earlier that spring.
Or, Theory No. 2, the press had it in for him, especially after his bragging about his PR marathon at Cannes that spring.
The Cotton could tie up the Big 12 second-place team with the same from either the Big Ten or the Southeastern Conference because the agreement to send those two runner-ups to the Citrus Bowl expires after this season.
Two weeks ago, Fay and his father wrestled on the living room floor after the younger man blew curfew.
WILLIE NELSON ON THE ROAD TO FREEDOM FROM $9 MILLION DEBT TO UNCLE SAM AUSTIN, Texas  (BC-NELSON-COX) Willie Nelson, up to his ponytail in tax debt for more than a decade, is on the road to freedom from the Internal Revenue Service after paying most of the $9 million owed Uncle Sam, Nelson's attorney said Thursday.
BOOKS: LIMBAUGH'S PRAISE SURPRISES AUTHOR  (BC-BOOKS-COX) No one is more surprised than author John Berendt by the success of ``Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil.'' Seven months after publication, the New York writer's true-crime story of the shooting of a male hustler by wealthy, gay Savannah antiques dealer Jim Williams is No. 5 on The New York Times Bestseller List.
As sweet and dumb as a surfer after a day of bitchin' curls, this very slight slacker satire stars neo-leading man Brendan Fraser, SNL heartthrob Adam Sandler and avatar of art-house hipness Steve Buscemi.
And the kids truly are impressive imitations of their prototypes; with the exception of Spanky (Travis Tedford), who, for who-knows-what reason, has been modeled after a lesser-known Rascal named Scotty, the new cast seems to have been cloned from some secret hoard of Little Rascals DNA.
There's a rich kid (Macaulay Culkin look-alike Blake McIver Ewing) who's also wooing Darla, a sprinkling of celeb cameos (from Whoopi Goldberg to Donald Trump) and a big Go Kart race for $500, much needed to rebuild the clubhouse after it accidentally burns down.
Moreover, the distinctly misogynist tone is frankly distasteful, even though, predictably, it's amended in the final five minutes by an uplifting pro-girl message a la the later (and disappointing) MGM-era shorts produced after Roach sold the series.
	Airheads PG- 13 	As sweet and dumb as a surfer after a day of bitchin' curls, this very slight slacker satire stars Brendan Fraser, Adam Sandler and Steve Buscemi as rock star wannabes who try to get airplay by arming themselves with toy guns and busting into the booth of their favorite DJ (Joe Mantegna as a sympathetic Beatles-era rebel).
This classy, beautifully drawn cartoon effortlessly takes its place in the superb cycle of Disney neo-classics that began with ``The Little Mermaid.'' The lion cub Simba (voice by Jonathan Taylor Thomas, then Matthew Broderick) must reclaim his throne after his evil uncle, Scar (Jeremy Irons doing Claus Von Bulow with a mane), connives to have Simba's father, King Mufasa (James Earl Jones), killed.
And as North's mysterious spiritual guide, Willis wears out his welcome after the second costume change.
	Philadelphia PG-13 	Tom Hanks gives an Oscar-winning performance as a fast-track lawyer who sues his former firm after being fired for incompetence after he discovers he's HIV- positive.
Ahnuld's is the more recent and commented on -- how, from the depths of last summer's disastrous ``The Last Action Hero,'' he has risen, phoenixlike, to the huge-grossing heights of ``True Lies.'' The theories on his fall and rise have either been hubris-driven, i.e., he had it coming, especially after bragging about his PR marathon at Cannes earlier that spring.
Or, Theory No. 2, the press had it in for him, especially after his bragging about his PR marathon at Cannes that spring.
The Cotton could tie up the Big 12 second-place team with the same from either the Big Ten or the Southeastern Conference because the agreement to send those two runner-ups to the Citrus Bowl expires after this season.
Two weeks ago, Fay and his father wrestled on the living room floor after the younger man blew curfew.
WILLIE NELSON ON THE ROAD TO FREEDOM FROM $9 MILLION DEBT TO UNCLE SAM AUSTIN, Texas  (BC-NELSON-COX) Willie Nelson, up to his ponytail in tax debt for more than a decade, is on the road to freedom from the Internal Revenue Service after paying most of the $9 million owed Uncle Sam, Nelson's attorney said Thursday.
BOOKS: LIMBAUGH'S PRAISE SURPRISES AUTHOR  (BC-BOOKS-COX) No one is more surprised than author John Berendt by the success of ``Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil.'' Seven months after publication, the New York writer's true-crime story of the shooting of a male hustler by wealthy, gay Savannah antiques dealer Jim Williams is No. 5 on The New York Times Bestseller List.
As sweet and dumb as a surfer after a day of bitchin' curls, this very slight slacker satire stars neo-leading man Brendan Fraser, SNL heartthrob Adam Sandler and avatar of art-house hipness Steve Buscemi.
And the kids truly are impressive imitations of their prototypes; with the exception of Spanky (Travis Tedford), who, for who-knows-what reason, has been modeled after a lesser-known Rascal named Scotty, the new cast seems to have been cloned from some secret hoard of Little Rascals DNA.
There's a rich kid (Macaulay Culkin look-alike Blake McIver Ewing) who's also wooing Darla, a sprinkling of celeb cameos (from Whoopi Goldberg to Donald Trump) and a big Go Kart race for $500, much needed to rebuild the clubhouse after it accidentally burns down.
Moreover, the distinctly misogynist tone is frankly distasteful, even though, predictably, it's amended in the final five minutes by an uplifting pro-girl message a la the later (and disappointing) MGM-era shorts produced after Roach sold the series.
JORDAN LOOKS PAST MEDAL OF FREEDOM TO FURTHER CHALLENGES WASHINGTON  (BC-JORDAN-$ADV08-COX) Bestowal of the Presidential Medal of Freedom normally caps a distinguished career in public service, but Barbara Jordan won't be resting on her laurels after accepting the nation's most prestigious civilian award at a White House ceremony Monday.
But it gave up after customers complained, said spokeswoman Judy Decker.
Her name skyrocketed to fame after she was discovered by photographer Peter Beard in Nairobi, Kenya, in the mid-1970s.
Finally she agreed, but only after Beard agreed to pay her a sum equal to her school tuition.
No sooner had European colonialism across the continent begun to give way after World War II than Africa began bearing the imprint of Cold War alliances.
Perhaps Clinton finally understands, after a year and a half on the job, that being president of the United States is no walk in the park, that presidents are criticized more often than they are praised, that they engender antipathy as often as affection.
The engagement effectively ended on March 28, the pullout date demanded by Congress and agreed to by Clinton last year after fighting escalated and 18 Americans were killed in one operation.
``My last wife's comment was, `I'd rather have the memory of a dead husband than have a new gay friend.''' ``Gender Outlaw'' -- a book that's long-winded at times but always daring and frank -- quickly sold out its first printing after release in late June.
Three months after Brandevor started producing one variety of Simpatico in Iowa, the Dubuque brewery made a trip to bankruptcy court, a potentially disastrous development.
Opened in 1896, the park has four splendid and wonderfully rattly wooden roller coasters -- including the twin-track Grand National, opened in 1935 -- as well as one of the newest and tallest roller coasters, Big One, a 235-foot-high ride that was closed in July after an accident in which some 25 people sustained minor injuries.
So many cars and tour buses now descend on the Golden Mile after dusk on autumn nights -- Sept.
The name: These Zippies bear no relation to the political faction of hippies who called themselves the Zippies (Zeitgeist International Party) after breaking ranks with Abbie Hoffman's Yippies (Youth International Party) in 1972; nor, for that matter, with the cult cartoon strip Zippy the Pinhead.
-- Go out to the ball park and practice better ways to get out of the parking lot after the game.
There's an introductory stretching session, featuring a good mix of warm-up exercises that cover all muscle groups, and a good, 10-minute cool-down after the stepping.
Although Fetrick is a self-described, out-of-shape former office worker who discovered competitive body building after college, potential exercisers shouldn't worry that her video is designed to make women into her image.
What people have to remember is that homeless people live here.'' The measure Jordan is considering is fashioned after a year-old anti-vagrancy law in Seattle that prohibits people from sitting or lying on public sidewalks in the downtown corridor and neighborhood commercial zones between 7 a.m. and 9 p.m. Stephen Cornell, a merchant activist in San Francisco who owns Brownie's Hardware on Polk Street, would welcome such a law here.
That's not a good way to attract customers.'' One person a San Francisco sidewalk ordinance might go after is Andy Taylor, who said he was a homeless alcoholic.
``Are you going to go after people on Chestnut Street who are sitting on the curb drinking coffee?'' he said.
``Most of the students are excited at first, but then after a few classes most of them aren't running to get to the rehearsal stage,'' she said.
The White House delivered its bill to Congress four months later -- a year after the impatient Congressman Stark already had jumped in with his own plan to expand Medicare and Medicaid, to impose cost controls principally through a national health-care budget and to simplify access to insurance.
A few pumps after each shot ensures strong, long shots.
Its top proponents, Briton Martin Fleishmann and American Stanley Pons, say they were forced to shift their work from the University of Utah to a village in France after their reputations were attacked.
``Dennis Cravens, who beforehand was never good enough a scientist to get a job but at a junior college, had created this effect that requires the total rewriting of what we know about nuclear physics, or that he has simply found another way to botch an experiment?'' But Cravens said big labs failed because staffs dashed off immediately after the first cold fusion announcement by Fleischmann and Pons on March 23, 1989, to carry out experiments ``based on rumor'' because the two scientists disclosed few practical details.
Last summer the archeologists here left in a hurry after the local army commander warned that they might be attacked by guerrillas of the separatist Kurdish Workers Party, known by its Kurdish officials as the PKK.
As theories change and new technology develops, archeologists can re-examine the sites decades after they are discovered.
``You cannot press anyone to go to such a region,'' he said, referring to the summary executions of local officials caught in roadblocks set up after dark by the PKK.
Farmers from Kaletepe first led him to the site, then a tobacco field, in 1990 after he and another colleague, Ayla Akin, 34, a Turkish woman who is working on a doctorate at the University of Virginia, showed them Stone Age artifacts and asked if they had seen anything similar.
Nixon, who is heard on tape orchestrating the ensuing cover-up, seen on newsreels delivering lies to the nation and, after his resignation in disgrace, offering rationalizations in a 1977 interview with David Frost.
Twenty years after Nixon's resignation, this British-made series leaves viewers with a question that was relevant before Watergate and will remain so after Whitewater: Do the president's men in any administration owe their loyalty primarily to the presidency or to a sitting president or to their own careers?
Free software ``stays better because it's infinitely competitive,'' he said, whereas proprietary software stagnates after one or two programs come to dominate a market.
``This stuff gets covered and defined and has so many spins put on it before it ever happens, it's lost its reason to be.'' In other words, the meaning with a capital M at Woodstock '94 may turn out to be lower case after all.
	The order had come from Yasser Arafat, chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization, who accused the newspaper of being ``pro-Jordanian'' and of engaging in ``anti-Arafat propaganda.'' The newspaper, Al Nahar, closed down on July 29, four days after the Israeli-Jordanian meeting and less than a month after Mr. Arafat arrived in the Gaza Strip to administer the self-rule authority there and in the West Bank district of Jericho.
It may simply be that, like all bureaucracies, they crush people who ask, ``Why?'' Well, after unwelcome Ms. Faulkner was court-ordered into the Citadel, the next question was about her haircut.
I don't know why I'm so skeptical; after all, I sometimes think there are two distinct parts of my mind, the columnist part and the parent part, and that they are occasionally filled with quite different things.
Others have become Flying Dutchmen, rousted out of one place after another.
In a letter to the editor, a reader of The Seattle Post-Intelligence wrote, ``If these guys are dangerous enough to warrant a warning that has no parallel among other violent crimes, why are they loose at all?'' But after all the arguments are done, I am left with a feeling.
``I don't know where they were all that time or how they arrived here, but how could anyone do this to children?'' Around the corner in another ward, an emaciated 10-year-old boy identified only by his family name, Hamkurije, lay listless, recovering from an operation 15 days ago to remove his right leg after it was mangled when he stepped on a land mine.
Both interventions were confirmed shortly after they began by Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen.
The May 4 intervention came after several weeks of decline by the dollar in what the New York Fed characterized as ``increasingly volatile'' trading.
And on June 24 we faced very heavy dollar selling, which we met head on.'' Fisher noted that while the dollar failed to respond on June 24 after the round of coordinated intervention, during the following week it traded below 100 yen ``with a relative comfort and stability that I don't think anyone would have anticipated.'' June 24 was on a Friday.
The thievery by the Bosnian Serbs followed by less than 24 hours a decision by Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic's Belgrade regime to cut ties with the Bosnian Serbs after their parliament Wednesday rejected for the third time a peace plan that would force the Bosnian Serbs to give up about one-third of the 70 percent of Bosnian territory they now control.
Altman said he had delayed recusing himself from the probe after White House pressed him to stay.
A second round of hearings has been proposed as soon as the investigator has completed a probe of the removal of Whitewater documents from the office of deputy White House counsel Vincent Foster shortly after his suicide last year.
Naturally, with the addition being named after the family, it's not unreasonable to assume that the Gabberts named a street after a member of the clan -- Bogue.
In addition to the congressional hearings, for example, The Washington Post discovered that the White House still wasn't telling the truth about documents that presidential aides concealed from police after the death last year of the Clintons' Whitewater lawyer.
Nearly a year after building safety concerns were first raised, Branson's building department has grown from three to 10 employees, and its records have been moved from closets to computers.
``This doesn't mean we all go on a fishing trip,'' Branson building chief Roland Kitchen said at a news conference held by Branson officials a few hours after the task force's session.
The bestowal of the Order of Pius IX in the Vatican's embassy in Vienna on July 6 seemed a remarkable contrast to efforts at reconciliation between the Vatican and Israel, which established diplomatic relations in June after centuries of animosity between Catholics and Jews.
Shortly after the Persian Gulf war ended, U.S. government offices in Kansas City and around the country were blitzed with telephone calls.
Just after the guns fell silent in the war, Kupfer's office received as many as 30 calls a day, many of them from area residents looking for construction jobs in Kuwait.
Some Kansas City area companies flocked to trade shows in the Mideast right after the war.
``Right after the war the thinking was these people would be eternally grateful,'' Sader said.
``We hope we wouldn't see general building levels drop after the rebuild.'' After the war, Stratco Inc.
3, 1991, after 457 holes from cluster bombs had been filled and 2,500 cubic meters of debris was cleared.
That was the first boost in the base wage for nearly a decade, and came only after a lengthy political stalemate and compromise between the White House and congressional leaders.
They quickly grant raises after someone passes muster for a month or so.
While most of the area workers start at minimum wage, they usually earn $4.75 to $4.80 an hour after a year, with some teens making $6 an hour.
``It's hard to find another job that would pay that much,'' said Alexis Hale, 18, who is up to $5.15 an hour after three years at AMC.
(While the promoters had initially required concertgoers to be at their parking lots at a predetermined hour, that restriction was relaxed this week in favor of any time after noon on Thursday in most cases.) Thousands of concertgoers will be driven directly to the site on 363 charter coaches from selected East Coast cities.
The theft by the Bosnian Serbs followed by less than 24 hours a decision by Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic's Belgrade regime to cut ties with the Bosnian Serbs after their parliament Wednesday for the third time rejected a peace plan.
``We never used the term `crumbling infrastructure,' but we touched on the idea.'' Hal Foster created Prince Valiant after giving up Tarzan, which he had illustrated off and on in the 20s and 30s.
The son, renamed Prince Valiant by the president of King Features, became a squire of Sir Gawain and after proving his bravery, was accepted as a knight of the Round Table.
John Cullen Murphy took over Prince Valiant at episode 1,760, after passing a try-out with Foster in 1970.
Large and small, American companies are discovering that after a decade of protectionism, Brazil is now open for computer business.
When the Millers conceived and had a child after the war, the boy was born with multiple problems: spina bifida, one eye, one ear, a deformed face, his heart on his right side, and a connected trachea and esophagus.
The Giants play the Cleveland Browns at 8 p.m. Brown must simply be steady after his superb performance in a starting role last week against Miami; most observers think he has a slim lead in the derby to replace Phil Simms as the starter.
Running back Gary Downs (pinched nerve in shoulder), offensive lineman Jumbo Elliott (broken finger), and defensive lineman Keith Hamilton (just reported to camp after signing a new contract) won't play against the Browns.
And the Cray Computer Corp., started five years ago by supercomputer inventor Seymour Cray after he left Cray Research, remains in business only because the founder has repeatedly dipped into his own pockets for funds.
``One computer center after the other is lining up to put a cluster of microprocessors on the floor,'' said Eugene Brooks, a scientist at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratories in Livermore, Calif.
In 1992, after a General Accounting Office study criticized its funding practices, the Pentagon's Advanced Projects Research Agency froze its spending on large massively parallel machines.
Richard Fishman, a corporate lawyer who became the company's president last year, acknowledges that Thinking Machines was slow to face up to its problems, adjust its strategy and go after the mainstream of the high-performance computing market.
KUKOC SET TO SIGN LONG-TERM DEAL WITH BULLS TORONTO  (BC-BKN-KUKOC-NYT) When he emerged from the locker room after overwhelming South Korea in the name of Croatia, Toni Kukoc proceeded to talk about becoming the highest-paid player in the history of the Chicago Bulls.
``Last year, I come to Chicago to play with Michael and Scottie, with all the guys, to be with the team, to learn,'' Kukoc said after his 12 points and 10 assists sparked Croatia's 104-53 blowout of the outmanned South Koreans on the second day of the World Championships at Maple Leaf Garden.
``Unbelievably, after eight days, nothing has happened,'' Clinton declared.
Now, a week after an abortion doctor and his 74-year-old escort were shot to death in Pensacola, Fla., it seems prophetic.
He confirmed, after all, an anti-abortion stereotype that studies have shown many journalists already entertain.
Earlier in the day, before a sparse crowd that numbered in the teens, Surya Bonaly of France took the lead in the women's event after the technical program.
``Secret Honor'' purports to eavesdrop on Nixon, who is alone in the study of his New Jersey estate at an unspecified date after his resignation.
If anything, he believes it contributes to the debate over Nixon's character that re-erupted after his death.
``If you only want to think nicely of people after their death, that's rewriting history,'' he said.
I don't know why I'm so skeptical; after all, I sometimes think there are two distinct parts of my mind, the columnist part and the parent part, and that they are occasionally filled with quite different things.
Others have become Flying Dutchmen, rousted out of one place after another.
In a letter to the editor, a reader of The Seattle Post-Intelligencer wrote, ``If these guys are dangerous enough to warrant a warning that has no parallel among other violent crimes, why are they loose at all?'' But after all the arguments are done, I am left with a feeling.
As doubts continue about the wisdom of encouraging the refugees to go home, a routine, even an inertia that inevitably sets in after a lot of money and resources have been spent in establishing camps, is setting in here.
The truth, though no one has said so publicly, is that many people in both parties would like the bill to remain quietly on a shelf until after the November election.
It is also possible that the litigation will drag on for months, allowing the Legislature to return next year, after the election, to deal with the matter.
Another lawyer who has been dropped after making the journal's 1991 list is Hillary Rodham Clinton.
Farrell's team had to bring medicines and other supplies with them -- much of which will be left behind to benefit Russian health facilities long after the games are over.
TREASURY PRICES DROP ON JOBS DATA, INFLATION FEARS NEW YORK  (BC-CREDIT-NYT) Prices of Treasury securities tumbled Friday after the monthly employment numbers for July showed the economy adding jobs at a fast pace, once again raising investor fears of inflation.
Source One, the nation's second-largest independent mortgage banker after Countrywide Credit Industries, could fetch as much as $500 million, based on prices paid for two recent mortgage banking companies, according to Guy Cecala, editor and publisher of Inside Mortgage Finance, a weekly trade publication.
The sell-off began in March after President Clinton suggested a casino revenue tax and Missouri voters said no to slot machines.
But after the Christmas bombing, the ensuing trial and the successful struggle to reopen two of the three clinics, Pensacola became a magnet for both sides of the debate, particularly for zealots on both sides who were eager to capture some of the national attention.
Griffin, who has been sentenced to a life sentence after he was convicted of first-degree murder.
But after the sour showings late last week, I stick to my original prediction -- made 7 1/2 (one slash two) months ago -- of a 3300 Dow at the end of 1994.
But after the sour showings late last week, I stick to my original prediction -- made 7 1/2 (one slash two) months ago -- of a 3300 Dow at the end of 1994.
There is virtually never anything simple about employment discrimination law, they say, if only because Congress, like a dowager with a handkerchief, likes to flutter off after making new law, leaving interpretation and enforcement to its bureaucratic minions.
But city officials indicated they would wait until after the holiday traffic rush to attempt the complex task of shifting operations from one airport to the other.
The cheering began before Greece even took the court, just after intermission of Puerto Rico's game with Egypt.
But after hitting record highs early last year, the market turned sour.
In January, the widow of a stock market speculator who committed suicide after running up huge debts in the nearby city of Hangzhou filed suit against the securities company that let him trade on credit.
Some analysts question whether there will be the need for a Shenzhen market after 1997, when neighboring Hong Kong and its solid financial markets are absorbed into China.
But these sorties, which took place under longstanding but limited United Nations authority to protect besieged cities, provide a welcome counterpoint to last Saturday's show of diplomatic helplessness after the Bosnian Serbs rejected the latest international peace plan.
But after the Bosnian government said yes and the Bosnian Serbs said no, the five outside powers showed themselves unwilling to follow through on their threat.
U.S. Marines stormed into the Dominican Republic and helped install Joaquin Balaguer after a military coup had unseated his democratically elected but leftist opponent, Juan Bosch.
Impressed that they knew just what they wanted to build and where, he flew down after the convention.
But this year, after a violent insurrection in the southern state of Chiapas and reports of armed groups in other rural states, Mexico's countryside is split.
But after marathon sessions of testimony and thousands of pieces of paper, Republicans failed to produce evidence that the Clinton White House influenced a federal probe into a failed Arkansas thrift with ties to the first family.
24 testimony about contacts even after White House lawyers pointed out its flaws.
``I told everybody it's a tough race to make,'' Foyt said moments after his lap of 168.596 miles an hour put his Thunderbird in the 40th starting spot.
U.S. FIGHTER AIRCRAFT ATTACK BOSNIAN SERB ANTI-TANK VEHICLE SARAJEVO, Bosnia and Herzegovina  (BC-YUGOSLAVIA-NATO-NYT) American fighter aircraft attacked a Bosnian Serb anti-tank vehicle near Sarajevo Friday night, hours after the Serbs tested NATO's resolve by seizing weapons impounded by United Nations troops and attacking a U.N. helicopter.
Rose said he received a message an hour after Friday evening's air strike from Gen.
Western diplomats here said the weapons seizure by the Serbs was a calculated attempt to provoke the United Nations and NATO to retaliate, probably in an effort to gain public sympathy in Serbia a day after Serbia's president, Slobodan Milosevic, ordered political and economic ties between Serbia and the Bosnian Serbs to be cut.
Cutler's testimony came on the morning after a grueling late-night session at which senators assailed the former White House counsel, Bernard Nussbaum, for having urged Altman not to remove himself from matters involving Whitewater and Madison.
But Gephardt reminded the group supporting universal coverage, which meets nightly, that only after both Houses had passed their own bills could there be a House-Senate conference to strike a compromise.
Almost immediately after the House voted for the proposal, the president ditched it under strong pressure from Senate Democrats.
Marr still smarts over ``Melrose Place'' actress Heather Locklear's comments to Letterman after her appearance on the season finale of ``Saturday Night Live.'' She told Letterman the cue-card people dropped the cards during one of the skits.
Stern, after all, makes his living by echoing the thoughts -- often unsaid, and sometimes better left that way -- of millions of Americans.
 (BC-JOBS-REPORT-2NDTAKE-NYT) The Federal Reserve could raise rates next Thursday, after the retail sales figures are released.
	Prices of Treasury securities tumbled after the monthly employment numbers for July showed the economy adding jobs at a fast pace.
	The dollar fell against most major currencies after the bond market's sharp decline.
	Oil prices plunged after a Nigerian court ordered the release of a politician whose imprisonment had set off strikes that crippled oil production in the West African nation.
-0- For 34 minutes one day last week, Nasdaq trading was interrupted after a squirrel chewed through a power line and the stock trading system's backup power system failed to kick in.
It has, after all, donned the garb of a technological leader and seduced leading high-tech companies -- Intel and Microsoft -- that look mighty alluring on its arm.
Last week -- 10 months after he formally invited foreign business to return --a snapshot of investment activity since April showed more foreign money flowing out than in, despite the fact that advance scouts of Western dough last year promised investment if peace prevailed and Mandela embraced the free market.
U.S. FIGHTER AIRCRAFT ATTACK BOSNIAN SERB ANTI-TANK VEHICLE SARAJEVO, Bosnia-Herzegovina  (BC-YUGOSLAVIA-NATO-1ST-LEAD-ART-NYT) American fighter aircraft attacked a Bosnian Serb anti-tank vehicle near Sarajevo Friday night, hours after the Serbs tested NATO's resolve by seizing weapons impounded by United Nations troops and attacking a U.N. helicopter.
He was ordered to take command of the 30th at 5:30 a.m. on April 15 in the station house's 151st Street parking lot, just hours after the first wave of corruption arrests in the precinct.
And, after a short-lived decline in reported felony offenses, reported crime in the 30th Precinct is on the rise again this summer, even though arrests are also up.
But he left quickly after hearing a radio call about shots fired on Broadway at 152nd Street in what initially sounded like a drug-related shooting.
The only cautionary notes sounded after the announcement by legal experts and former colleagues were that he was being asked to develop instincts almost instantly that some lawyers take years to refine, and that his own political aspirations, though they never landed him in elected office, were bound to lend a partisan air to the investigation that was largely absent with his predecessor, Robert B.
The FCC issued its warning after a winner of 20 regional licenses worth $40 million sought a 60-day extension of the deadline and faxed a letter to other winners urging them to seek similar extensions.
Moore, of Baton Rouge, La., who owns a windshield company, decided to enter the auctions after reading in the newspaper that the FCC planned to hold them.
Under the independent counsel statute, the panel is free to name whomever it wants after a counsel is requested by the attorney general.
DISPUTE WINS IN RETURN SARATOGA SPRINGS, N.Y.  (BC-RAC-SARATOGA-NYT) Dispute, one of the country's prize fillies of 1993, made a smashing comeback to the races Friday after four months on the sideline as she outran a short field of three rivals by six lengths at Saratoga Race Course.
She selected Fiske, allowing him to write his own mandate, after President Clinton bowed to rising political pressure and asked her in early January to name a prosecutor.
``Stevens Creek in Santa Clara County was supposed to be named after Stephens, but the survey crew that mapped it spelled it wrong, so it really didn't count,'' Rose said.
``It should have only taken us one or two years to get through the process, but the original mountain we chose had been already named after historian George Stewart,'' Rose said.
``To name a feature after a person, the person has to have had a direct and long-standing relationship with the feature and they have to be dead for at least a year,'' he said.
``We're not going to name something the size of Mount Shasta after someone of only local fame.'' Despite all these cautious safeguards, disputes over place names are common, Yost said.
Nine days later, after efforts by numerous city and private agencies to help them, the father, Mikhail Kitaev, 38, threw himself to his death from a fourth-floor window of their room at a city shelter on Catherine Street in lower Manhattan.
RECORD FORCE HUNTS SUFFOLK SNIPER IN 3 ATTACKS  (BC-NY-ZODIAC-KILLER-595&ADD-NYT) Four years after an elusive gunman who called himself Zodiac claimed to have carried out four shootings that were never solved, the New York City Police Department Friday started a new investigation in response to a letter taking responsibility for five more attacks.
We have the opportunities to democratize the elections in a real sense.'' Yet another gathering of politicos, intellectuals and would-be power brokers, called the San Angel Group, is maneuvering for a role in the political deal-making expected to take place if street violence explodes after the elections.
Officials said the Department of Investigation began forwarding the reports in May, after an employee whose background check turned up a criminal conviction was hired by an agency anyway.
Mark, the first deputy commissioner of the investigation agency, said that after the mayor's order, the department also passed along copies of the reports intended for elected officials like Ferrer.
``But after I saw the shootings and holdups and my office was trashed, I decided this was the end.'' Well, almost.
He is an artist, retreating to a refuge of creativity after an exhausting day on the line.
-- August 5, 1994 -- CHINA-STOCKS, 8-5 -- Stock prices surged in China this week after a decline that began in early 1993.
The three first got together when they were working for a humor magazine called The American Bystander, which died after a single issue, in 1982.
-- August 5, 1994 -- CHINA-STOCKS, 8-5 -- Stock prices surged in China this week after a decline that began in early 1993.
The three first got together when they were working for a humor magazine called The American Bystander, which died after a single issue, in 1982.
-- August 5, 1994 -- CHINA-STOCKS, 8-5 -- Stock prices surged in China this week after a decline that began in early 1993.
The three first got together when they were working for a humor magazine called The American Bystander, which died after a single issue, in 1982.
But they won't be able to sustain it long enough after the dispute is resolved in order to punish the owners or players.
In an apparent protest of baseball's labor dispute the other night, half the fans at Dodger Stadium went home after the fifth inning instead of the sixth.
I guess after this year's event suffered poor attendance in St. Petersburg, saw TV ratings plummet and the whole thing experience a $15 million loss, the next logical step would be to shift the proceedings to one of the most barren and desolate regions of the globe.
Irvin is rehabilitating his left shoulder after surgery in the spring while Harper has a bruised right shoulder.
All the more so after hearing a couple of war stories.
Miller, a retired engineer who lives in Woodland Hills, underwent a quintuple bypass eight years ago after suffering a heart attack.
``They had to rush me into the (medical) tent after that one,'' he said of the race.
Esiason left after his 9 passes and 5 completions generated only 36 yards, including the 2 interceptions.
Did the Twins really expect to rattle Key after the Yankees had given him a 3-0 bulge after one inning?
Mozart, after all, is the symbolic heart of this festival, Salzburg's reigning son.
Mozart, after all, is the symbolic heart of this festival, Salzburg's reigning son.
The second section, ``Mandela'' opened modally with a midnight mood, then after a piano and tuba riff, it picked up tempo.
Heath is at a point where he has perfect control over the thrill of virtuosic improvisation and composition; he's after something much harder to capture, a musical correlative to emotion, and he's found it.
It's a memory now.'' Soon after his heat Machado left the beach for the airport where he was to catch a plane to England.
MARTINEZ MISSES STOLEN BASE BY EIGHT FEET DENVER  (BC-BBN-DODGERSNOTES-LADN) Dodgers pitcher Ramon Martinez thought he would surprise everyone after his fifth-inning single Friday night against Colorado.
``That was on my own,'' Martinez admitted after his 5-4 victory, as if that was a revelation.
I got near the base and I didn't know what to do.'' Martinez (11-7), the Dodgers' winningest pitcher, said he wasn't scolded for his risky move after returning to the dugout.
Tim Wallach was nabbed in the second when Eric Karros struck out with the hit-and-run on, and Delino DeShields was nailed in the eighth after his leadoff single.
``It's the same game to me now as in Little League in the Dominican,'' the National League's leading Rookie of the Year candidate said Friday, after a multi-talented exhibition that led the Dodgers to a 5-4 victory over the Colorado Rockies.
If Rodriguez had to run another base, Mondesi would've caught him.'' Instead, he ended any chance of the Rockies catching the Dodgers if the strike wipes out the season after Friday.
But Ontiveros shut the Rangers down after that, giving up just an infield single to Chris James in his final five innings.
The Giants pitcher, who racked up win after win in the temperature-controlled structure when he wore the rainbow stripes, may have ended his season here Friday night when he severely wrenched his knee covering first base on a bunt by Houston's Steve Finley.
Those balls are right over the plate.'' Portugal's injury was described as a sprain of the right knee after he was examined by the Astros' team doctor.
It was Williams' last at bat of the night as Baker, perhaps sensing that the hill (read: first place) may be too high to climb, pulled his Big Three -- Williams, Barry Bonds and Darryl Strawberry -- after the sixth inning.
Only Derek Loville, a free-agent running back who was released by the 49ers last year after he suffered a training-camp injury, earned some good words from Seifert, for his hard running.
Even after an offsides penalty against Dennis Brown, they stopped the Cardinals on their first possession.
``The issue,'' Gramm asserted shortly after the clock struck 1 o'clock Wednesday morning, ``is do we have a right to expect people who testify before our committee to answer our questions fully and honestly?'' By law, of course, the senators do have that right.
Bok offered a hypothetical example of a kind of situation that arises in campaign after campaign: A big-city mayor is running for re-election.
He knows it is the right thing to do and plans to do it after he is re-elected.
Louise Slaughter, ``I don't want government messing in health insurance.'' The elderly are, of course, beneficiaries of a government health insurance program, one of the most popular domestic programs around, signed into law 29 years ago after a long debate on the very question of whether government should be involved in guaranteeing health care to a vast segment of the American people.
My mother was left with four children who soon became five when my younger sister was born two months after my father died.
Clinton is not only welcoming the U.N. but trying to make it the vehicle for intervention.'' Actually, when President Monroe unveiled his doctrine to Congress a mere 40 years after Britain had been thrown out of the 13 Colonies, it was never intended to make the United States the policeman of the Western Hemisphere.
For example, after the Justice Department suggested during the Cuban missile crisis that the United States could claim special legal rights in the hemisphere under the Monroe Doctrine, John Kennedy dismissed the notion out of hand, saying: ``The Monroe Doctrine?
There may be a third explanation too: that security council endorsement was a convenient way to neutralize predictable opposition from Latin countries to an invasion, and the best way to recruit the international corps of 10,000 or so troops, police and civilian contractors the United States feels will be needed after an invasion.
For however inadequate critics may consider the White House airlift or the French peacekeeping mission called in after Rwanda's genocidal implosion, these are acts of bounteous compassion compared to what Africans themselves have done in this and other tragedies.
To Johnson, the worst example of the solidarity of thugs was the almost unanimous support of African leaders for Idi Amin while he savaged Uganda; even after his butchery was widely known, the Organization of African Unity elected him its president.
FORECAST: ELVIS SIGHTED DURING BASEBALL STRIKE  (BC-TV-BASEBALL-REVIEW-NYT) Next Friday, three weeks after a pitcher threw a perfect game, two weeks after a shortstop played his 2,000th consecutive game and right in the middle of three sluggers' pursuit of Roger Maris, baseball fans may be reduced to watching Elvis movies and a former basketball player trying to blast his way to a .200 batting average -- in the minors.
It's like the film breaking in the middle of the shower scene in ``Psycho.'' It's like cutting to a commercial just after Columbo says, ``Just one more thing.'' The deprivation is certain to feel much worse this year than it could have in any previous season, because the viewers have gotten accustomed to seeing so much more baseball: the Yankees on two channels, the Mets on two channels, the Braves on almost every night, Wednesday and Sunday games on ESPN.
Jordan, who after socking one over the fence recently was only 40 homers behind the Giants' Matt Williams, qualifies as the most exciting programming this all-sports channel can devise, at least until the Arena Football League starts up.
But 32 years after Mick Jagger and Keith Richards got together to knock out some Chicago blues, the Rolling Stones are headlining stadiums once again.
Looking back at 1969, when Penthouse magazine began and the Saturday Evening Post closed after a century of modesty, you don't have to be swaying obeisantly in a mass of Deadheads to see how sex once was a less forbidding distraction than it has lately become.
On a simpler scale, we still have time to mass, in Hollywood, ideally, 200 years after men's hair powder was disfavored by the primping Founding Fathers.
Daniel Berrigan, still conscientious after all these years, saw it all coming: ``A revolution is interesting insofar as it avoids like the plague the plague it promised to heal.'' About the big plague, this year we can commemorate the 1,400th year of its ending.
married Marilyn, a decade after ``The Glass Menagerie'' made an American romance of memory.
The book of Deuteronomy allowed warriors infatuated with captives from enemy tribes to marry them but only after shaving the women's heads and abstaining from sexual relations for a month.
Centuries after she was burned at the stake, said Ulrike Wiethaus, a medieval scholar at Wake Forest University, most artists painted the 19-year-old rebel with a flowing mane.
Last week, after one stylist reduced the model Roshumba Williams' hair to a soft stubble, Fekkai pronounced her an exquisite beauty who, with longer hair, ``would have, ah, an ordinary face on top of an extraordinary, a really good body.'' With the cut, her cheekbones were sharp, her look, ``fantastic.'' Defiant or Peaceful?
Rachel Rosenthal, a smooth-pated, 67-year-old performance artist, shaved her long strawberry blond locks on a theater's stage in 1981 after a con man stole her $200,000 nest egg.
``I remember that people told me after the first few trials that this is like the crime of the century and will never end,'' said Stephen R.
Grogan is the only Manson murderer to be paroled, released in 1986 after helping authorities locate the long-missing body of Shea in 1979.
``I'm my sister's voice.'' Where Tate speaks for her sister, Kay is the voice of the public, arguing at hearing after hearing that society does not want Manson and his followers back.
Kay, 51, was a young attorney when shortly after the Tate-LaBianca trials began and he joined prosecutor Vincent Bugliosi as an assistant, working with him on the Tate-LaBianca trials and then heading the prosecution team for the Hinman and Shea murder trials.
``Perhaps Susan Atkins would still be in, but without the glare of publicity, the others certainly would have been released, particularly Leslie Van Houten, who didn't kill anybody but only stabbed people after death.'' Without the advantage of hindsight or history, original prosecutor Bugliosi had believed that the Manson murderers eventually would be released.
In his 1974 book ``Helter Skelter,'' Bugliosi predicted that all but Manson would be paroled after 15 to 20 years in prison.
When the PRI presidential candidate Luis Donaldo Colosio was assassinated in Tijuana in March, so many people doubted the official explanation -- that a deranged gunman had acted alone -- that questions arose over whether the accused assassin held in a central Mexico jail was the same man who had been taken into custody seconds after the shooting.
But when he practically stopped making public appearances shortly after his overpowering performance in the May 12 presidential debate, he was accused of having cut a deal with the PRI.
Salinas won with just over 50 percent of the vote, but only after computers mysteriously broke down on election night.
Seven months after Steven Daniel Seeley's birth, the 30-year-old father still marvels at his youngest child.
Northridge Hospital Medical Center's fifth-floor neonatal intensive care unit, which underwent major reconstruction after the quake, since has reopened.
Seven months after Steven Daniel Seeley's birth, the 30-year-old father still marvels at his youngest child.
Northridge Hospital Medical Center's fifth-floor neonatal intensive care unit, which underwent major reconstruction after the quake, since has reopened.
The number of clubs grew after the passage of Proposition 13, the 1978 property tax cutting initiative, left small, blue-collar cities like Commerce, Cudahy and Huntington Park desperately searching for new revenue sources.
Over the past several years, legalized gaming has exploded elsewhere in the country, as state after state -- hit hard by the recent recession -- has turned to gambling in an attempt to revive local economies and fill government coffers.
``What we're in for is the long haul,'' Faber said, noting that VCRs cost significantly more than they do today for quite a few years after they were introduced in the late 1970s.
But Brylant said he doesn't golf, and after retiring in 1981 from a career in financial planning, he worried how he would spend his time.
Zapata, 26, who dropped out of law school in Managua after running into political troubles, has similarly high hopes.
The Woodstock Music & Art Fair of 1969, billed as ``An Aquarian Exposition,'' will always be remembered for three days of tranquillity, love, rock 'n' roll, vastly underestimated crowds, overwhelmed services, free admission after fences were torn down and ticket takers gave up, rain, mud, communal skinny-dipping, monumental traffic jams, little food, less security and lots of drugs.
We sort of ran out of food after a couple of days.
But three weeks after it, no one was thinking about it.
We just broke into it.' We left rather quickly after that.
``For years after the concert, his milk won blue ribbons around the state, and I think it's because of all the marijuana seeds that were left behind.
Nixon,'' a one-woman show that takes place immediately after the events in ``Secret Honor.'' Former first lady Pat Nixon walks into her husband's study just as he leaves, wanting to ask him about something that's been published in Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein's book ``The Final Days.'' She has a stroke, and as her life flashes before her eyes, she reviews many of her own hopes and disappointments.
The Bengals afforded Wilkinson an honor that they didn't even extend to Munoz when he was selected: they signed Wilkinson before the start of training camp, giving him close to $15 million over six years, including a $5 million signing bonus about two weeks after the draft.
But after spending almost four decades under a military-backed dictatorship, many Spaniards regard anti-militarism as almost an article of faith.
In one case, reported by the daily newspaper Dziennik Baltycki, a businessman from the port city of Gdynia turned to the police after gangsters demanded protection money.
The fields involve the health of the fetus and the care of infants in the first weeks after birth.
James was in the news early in 1970 because he looked after quintuplets born prematurely that February to Margaret and William Kienast of Liberty Corner, N.J. James was born in Te Awamutu, New Zealand.
(NOTE TO INTERNATIONAL CLIENTS: F  (BC-THISWEEK-REVIEW-2TAKES-NYT) THE NORTH KOREANS RETURN TO THE TABLE FOR NUCLEAR BARGAINING Four weeks after the death of President Kim Il Sung, North Korea resumed negotiations with the United States on its nuclear program last week in Geneva.
With the couple staying in New York's Trump Tower last week after confirming their long-rumored nuptials, there was no end to the ways newspapers and television programs found to tell this tale.
Questioning Rail Safety After an Amtrak Wreck The Clinton administration is planning an inquiry into the safety of the country's passenger railroads after Amtrak's South Shore Limited derailed in Batavia, N.Y., last week, sending nine cars and 320 sleepy passengers plunging down a rock embankment and into a wooded gully at 3:44 a.m. No one was killed, but scores suffered broken bones and other injuries.
NICOTINE IS COMPARED WITH COCAINE AND HEROIN It was no surprise that an advisory panel to the Food and Drug Administration declared nicotine addictive last week; after all, nicotine's habit-forming properties have been noted by those as far back as the native Americans and the sailors with Columbus who first tried inhaling nicotine-filled smoke.
Late in the week, Bosnian Serbs tested the United Nations by retrieving a tank and four other heavy weapons from a U.N.-guarded depot where they had been impounded in order to bring calm to Sarajevo; after NATO planes shot up a Bosnian armored vehicle in retaliation, the Serbs promised to send back the heavy weapons.
(The mayor was on the cover of The Advocate, a magazine devoted to gay issues, under the headline ``The Tolerant Bully.'') The Giulianis adopted Goalie, a yellow Labrador, from a school for guide dogs in Westchester County after moving into Gracie Mansion, keeping a promise to Andrew that they could have a dog if they ever moved from their apartment into a house with a yard.
``Everything after the first sentence was gone,'' said the source, who spoke only on condition of anonymity.
The order had come from Yasser Arafat, chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization, which accused the Osman Hallak, publisher of An-Nahar, of being ``pro-Jordanian'' and of engaging in ``anti-Arafat propaganda.'' The newspaper closed down on July 29, after giving prominent coverage to the meeting in Washington between King Hussein and Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin that week, and less than a month after Arafat made his home in the Gaza Strip.
A few days after the arrest, Jarboua's body, showing signs of torture, was returned to his family.
The An-Nahar business and so many other decisions are becoming a matter of misplaced pride.'' The decision against An-Nahar came after it reported, truthfully, that Israel had said Hussein would be given ``high priority'' in looking after Muslim religious sites in Jerusalem and that he had been invited to visit the city by Israeli leaders.
Dugan was of the opinion that the three fires underneath the stairway were set after the (original) fire had been extinguished.
This was not disclosed until years after Jackson's conviction.
Milosevic announced the new embargo on Thursday after Bosnian Serb leaders rejected a peace plan devised by the United States, Britain, France, Germany and Russia.
Border guards were allowing pedestrians and private autos to cross bridges into Bosnia, sometimes after inspecting what they were carrying, but they turned back all heavy vehicles.
If our people in Bosnia are really cut off from the motherland, only God knows if we can survive.'' The proprietor of the cafe, Milan Savic, said that on Friday he saw more than 100 trucks arrive at the border and then, after learning of the embargo, turn back toward Belgrade.
Gaucho and the two other boats on its United States team were leading in the standings Friday after the finish of the 145-mile Molokai Race.
The ``brotherly'' Marxist countries, once compelled by politics to provide assistance to North Vietnam, abruptly ended such aid after the fall of communism in East Europe.
Angelos's idea is worth hearing and considering, especially with the two sides' marching stridently toward a strike after Thursday night's games.
The review was undertaken after reports last year of fund managers investing privately in deals promoted by a broker from whom they had bought stocks for their funds.
Akase found new jobs and was fired six more times after her employers learned who her husband was.
SERBS LAUNCH MORE SHELLS (BU)AT SARAJEVO SARAJEVO, Bosnia-Herzegovina  (BC-YUGOSLAVIA-BOSNIA-440&ADD-NYT) Hours after NATO launched a punitive air attack on a Bosnian Serb target Friday night, the Serbs again violated a heavy-weapons exclusion zone around Sarajevo by firing three mortar shells, a U.N. spokesman said Saturday.
Sir Michael Rose, warned after the air strike Friday night that he had ordered only a pause in the NATO operation to enforce the weapons exclusion zone, from which mortars are banned.
In five of his seven games immediately after that bad run, he gained five saves for a total of six, but there his total remains.
He failed in two successive save situations in mid-May after that successful stretch and has been basically ineffective since.
But maybe the feelings aren't so mixed after all.
When the Americans meet at midcourt to address the fans before and after games, their waves are limp, apathetic, and when you witness a rare signing of a kid's autograph, you can't help noticing the player almost never looks at or talks to the kid.
FLASHBLACK TO '81: ANOTHER LEAD, ANOTHER STRIKE MINNEAPOLIS  (BC-BBA-YANKS-555(2TAKES)-NYT) Thirteen agonizing and unlucky years after George Steinbrenner implored Manager Gene Michael to guide the Yankees into first place because a players strike was lingering, he has repeated those stern directions again.
Since Michael helped nudge the Yankees into first place for the first half and was fired after challenging Steinbrenner to dismiss him or stop threatening him in the second half?
Since Steinbrenner claimed he fought with two Yankees bashers in a Los Angeles hotel elevator after Game 5?
 (BC-BBA-YANKS-2NDTAKE-NYT) Winfield remembered the attention given the strike vividly because he had become the highest-paid athlete in professional sports after signing a 10-year, $23 million free-agent contract with the Yankees in December 1990 and reporters wanted to know if his landmark deal included a clause allowing him to get paid during a work stoppage.
When they started up again, we couldn't get it going as well as a young club might have.'' Perhaps Michael was being gracious in remembering a Yankee team that did not excel after the strike until topping Milwaukee in five games in the Eastern Division playoffs and sweeping Oakland in three games for the pennant.
United Way officials said there was little, if any, effect on donations from the scandal two years ago in which the association's president, William Aramony, was forced out after disclosures about his hefty expense accounts and financial manipulations that created a series of profit-making spinoff organizations.
Conroy wrote his paddling bill after Michael Fay, an 18-year-old from Ohio, was lashed with a brine-soaked rattan cane in Singapore in May for spray-painting cars.
The warning was issued by the State Department on Friday night after administration officials became alarmed by Castro's threat to unleash a flood of refugees.
The State Department also urged Cubans not to go along with Castro's ``ploy.'' Castro's threat came after protesters clashed with police in Havana in an unusual display of political unrest.
Thousands gathered at the ferry dock there after rumors spread that another ferry had been hijacked.
Congress rejected President Clinton's proposal to put annual limits on the growth of health insurance premiums after health insurers, doctors and hospitals attacked the proposal.
If the owners and players do not settle their differences, including the owners' insistence on a cap on salaries and the players' vow not to acquiesce to one, the baseball season will stop indefinitely after Thursday night's games.
He was sitting in a red armchair in a luxury box in County Stadium Friday afternoon, after finishing a luncheon meeting regarding local issues, when the phone rang.
``Well, it fell on the day after my 60th birthday,'' he said, ``and I had functions in town here.
And Selig knows that Landis took the job when baseball needed a strong man with undeniable integrity to restore faith in the game after the Black Sox scandal in 1919 only when the following clause he insisted on was inserted into his contract: ``The owners pledge themselves to loyally support the commissioner in his important and difficult task, and we assure him that each of us will acquiesce in his decisions, even when we believe them mistaken.'' When Landis died in 1944, each succeeding commissioner has had his power reduced further and further until the owners decided that no commissioner was the best commissioner.
He said his most memorable moments as acting commissioner have been presiding over ``tough'' decisions like the suspending of Marge Schott, owner of the Reds, as well as pushing for more minority hiring, an issue in which, he said, ``we've made significant advances -- not as good as I'd like to see -- but significant.'' Selig became an owner in 1970, when he led a group that purchased the Seattle Pilots, after the Braves had moved from Milwaukee to Atlanta.
Then he went downstairs to his cluttered office, where after lunch he received from his secretary 19 telephone messages.
The alliance collapsed after the invasion, he said.
But in 1985, two years before it approached China for nuclear reactors and bought a Chinese CSS-2 medium-range missile system, he said, ``Saudi Arabia started to think seriously about starting its own nuclear weapons program.'' In his response to the request for comment, Jubir of the Saudi embassy in Washington pointed out that Saudi Arabia had openly offered to pay to rebuild Iraq's Osirak nuclear reactor after it was destroyed by Israeli warplanes in 1981.
MEXICO'S DRUG FIGHT LAGGING, WITH GRAFT GIVEN AS A CAUSE GUADALAJARA, Mexico  (BC-MEXICO-DRUGS-570(2TAKES)-NYT) More than a year after the government vowed to redouble its fight against illegal drugs following the killing of a Roman Catholic cardinal by suspected traffickers, American officials and some of their Mexican counterparts say that those efforts have faltered and that the trade is thriving as much as ever.
``They have really done a very poor job of going after and capturing major traffickers, who have continued to operate with tremendous impunity.'' That impunity was made shockingly clear in late July when it was confirmed that the country's two most-wanted men, cocaine-trafficking brothers who are sought in the murder here of Juan Jesus Cardinal Posadas Ocampo, had both pleaded their innocence in separate meetings with the Papal Nuncio at his residence in Mexico City.
He has no experience.'' By contrast, the Mexican interior minister, Jorge Carpizo MacGregor, has continued to speak highly of Valle, whom MacGregor initially hired as an adviser after becoming attorney general early in 1993.
Even after Valle resigned on May 1, complaining that Mexico had become a ``narcodemocracy,'' Carpizo described him as ``an honest and brave man.'' Though hundreds of federal police officials have been dismissed over the last several years for failed drug tests, ties to drug traffickers or other corruption or abuse, Valle's accusations represent one of the rare times that senior officials outside the army or the police have been publicly linked to drugs.
U.S. officials say the only instance in which such ties have been seriously explored was after the murder in Guadalajara of an American drug-enforcement agent, Enrique Camarena, in 1985.
This year's biggest bust was a 220-acre marijuana plantation that Mexican officials said was discovered this week in the Chihuahua desert after an anonymous tip.
Kitayev, an architect in Minsk, wound up at the shelter after telling authorities that he had been robbed of his papers and money after his arrival in New York on July 23.
``He spent most of his time with the girl.'' But Ms. Skorobogatova said she believed that he decided to emigrate after his March visit.
Speaking briefly with reporters at the annual conference of the American Bar Association in New Orleans, the new prosecutor, Kenneth Starr, would not discuss whether he would re-examine ground already covered by his predecessor, Robert Fiske Jr. Nor would he say whether he would ask Congress to delay further hearings on Whitewater until after his investigation is complete.
Appearing on May 24 on the PBS network's MacNeil-Lehrer Newshour to debate the acting White House counsel, Lloyd Cutler, Starr said it was ``quite astonishing'' and ``unprecedented'' for the White House to ask a federal court to postpone hearing Ms. Jones' lawsuit until after Clinton left office.
Nixon after serving as deputy attorney general, and Senior Judge John Butzner Jr., who was appointed by President Lyndon B.
YOUNG JAPANESE SHOOTING VICTIM HAD DREAMS OF AUTO RACING NEW YORK  (BC-NY-JAPANESE-SLAY-410&ADD-NYT) A young Japanese man who came to the United States to pursue his dreams of being a race-car driver was near death Saturday after having been shot in the right eye on Thursday in the stairwell of his apartment building in Queens, the police said.
An aide at the Japanese Consulate in New York, Tom Gardner, said that after tests had been completed the family would request that life supports be removed.
His victory, two days after his birthday, was worth over $400,000 -- a record sum from a record stock car purse of $3.2 million.
But he struggled to run with the top 10 after that.
Espy, who at 40 is the youngest member of the Cabinet, was appointed by President Clinton after six years in the House of Representatives, where he earned a reputation as a moderate Democrat who worked hard for the agricultural interests that dominated his Mississippi district.
Smithburg, the company's chief executive officer, had given Espy one of his personal season tickets after the company received a request from the secretary's office.
In January 1993, hundreds of children became sick and a 2-year-old boy died after eating contaminated hamburgers at Jack-in-the-Box restaurants in the Northwest.
Another investigation now under way concerns whether Blackley continued to do consulting work after he became chief of staff.
Valley Victory went into stud in 1989 after a viral infection a week before the Hambletonian denied him his shot in the race.
``I believe in this horse,'' the 53-year-old Gurfein, a native New Yorker, said after the race.
``This is a great horse.'' Victory Dream took the lead after the first quarter and finished two and three-quarter lengths ahead of Lavec, a son of Speedy Somoli.
``This horse has been the best,'' Franck Antonacci, one of Victory Dream's owners, said after the race.
The Jeep, driven by Tina D'Ambrosio, 17, who had her driver's license for less than six weeks, was going slightly faster than the 25-mile-an-hour speed limit when it turned over after hitting a curb on Lake Drive West.
None whatsoever.'' In his usual garb of sneakers, shorts and khaki hunting cap, Solarin looked more like a village eccentric than a bank president, which he was for a time after one of his longtime foes, the Nigerian President, Gen.
After a brief stop at Arizona, he transferred to Providence, but left there after failing to adjust to a new social and academic environment.
Vega was released from prison seven months ago after serving three and one half years of his sentence.
``It apparently would.'' ``I've got to get these people better prepared as human beings,'' she muttered finally after a tough half-hour of campaigning at 72d Street and Broadway.
The subway campaign stop, a mainstay of politicians, underscored something else that applies equally to her three opponents in the Democratic primary next month: Ms. Burstein, 52, is relatively unknown to the general public, even after 21 years in the Legislature, as head of state and city agencies and as a Family Court judge.
Oliver Koppell, appointed attorney general in December after the mid-term retirement of Robert Abrams, is wrapping himself in his short incumbency and his party's blessing.
Kennedy was president, she became interested in the civil rights struggle in the South, and after graduating from Bryn Mawr College in 1964 traveled to Alabama and other states.
Elected to the State Senate in 1972 after working as a legal services lawyer, Ms. Burstein represented the wealthy, mostly white Five Towns of Long Island along with a much poorer, mostly black section of southeastern Queens.
And after some investigation, we felt that the real-estate costs in other cities were not dramatically better.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
The College Fund and Urban League bought it in 1974 for $2.875 million, after selling their building at 55 E.
Since 1992, Schulman's former buildings have been known as Eastridge Properties after he gave up gave up day-to-day control to Aldrich, Eastman & Waltch L.P., a Boston-based real estate investment firm that represents the GM fund.
The new left cornerback was so stiflingly close that the 6-foot-3-inch Moore shoved the 5-foot-9-inch rookie in frustration after one pass play that failed.
-- Special teams after some initial coverage problems.
Sometime after that, the agent came back with a man from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service.
Switzer spent 16 seasons at Oklahoma, where his teams won three national championships before scandal drove him out after the 1988 season.
``It was just like being a little fish in a big old fish tank, and you're the only fish in that fish tank, and everybody's looking at you,'' Williams said of his rookie season after being drafted in the second round.
He purchased a five-bedroom home in Lewisville for his mother and a four-bedroom home in Coppell for himself soon after signing his $2.475 million contract a year ago.
ROCKER BILLY IDOL RELEASED HOSPITALIZED AFTER DRUG OVERDOSE LOS ANGELES  (BC-ROCKER-OVERDOSES-LADN) Rock star Billy Idol was released from Saint Joseph's Medical Center in suburban Burbank after being admitted in critical condition for treatment of a drug overdose.
Idol was hospitalized in January after he collapsed outside a trendy Beverly Hills restaurant and nightclub called Tatou.
I never will again.'' Not after six chemotherapy treatments, each of which induced all-night vomiting sessions and fears that, at age 34, Azinger ``wasn't as bulletproof as I thought.'' Not after five weeks of daily radiation therapy that ended with doctors telling the three-time Ryder Cup participant that he no longer had any trace of cancer in his body.
One week into his comeback to the Professional Golfers' Association Tour after a nine-month sabbatical, Azinger remains more thankful to be alive than preoccupied by his position on any leader board.
Winning is not less important, but it will be prioritized differently than before,'' Azinger said after shooting a 4-over 76 in Friday's opening round of the Buick Open, his first competitive round at a Tour event since the Skins Game last Nov.
``I'm a little bit emotional anyway,'' Scovell said after many in attendance at the news conference departed.
By winning or tying every major skirmish since 1972, the union has gained unrestricted free agency for players with six years in the majors, binding salary arbitration after three years, an average salary of $1.2 million, a minimum salary of $109,000 and a generous retirement fund that is worth as much as $91,000 a year in pension payments to 10-year major-leaguers.
``I know some players think after a two- to four-day strike it will all be over and we'll be back to work.
ROCKER BILLY IDOL HOSPITALIZED AFTER DRUG OVERDOSE LOS ANGELES  (BC-ROCKER-OVERDOSES-LADN) Rock star Billy Idol was released from Saint Joseph's Medical Center in suburban Burbank after being admitted in critical condition for treatment of a drug overdose.
Idol was hospitalized in January after he collapsed outside a trendy Beverly Hills restaurant and nightclub called Tatou.
ROCKER BILLY IDOL HOSPITALIZED AFTER DRUG OVERDOSE LOS ANGELES  (BC-ROCKER-OVERDOSES-LADN) Rock star Billy Idol was released from Saint Joseph's Medical Center in suburban Burbank after being admitted in critical condition for treatment of a drug overdose.
Idol was hospitalized in January after he collapsed outside a trendy Beverly Hills restaurant and nightclub called Tatou.
Croll will send Holy Bull back to the track on Sunday morning to work five-eighths of a mile, one week after the colt won the $500,000 Haskell Invitational at Monmouth Park on the same day when Tabasco Cat was running second to Unaccounted For in the Jim Dandy Stakes at Saratoga.
Hofmann, who owns Sky Beauty, reported that this was the end of one career and the start of another: Sky Beauty will retire after this season and take up life as a broodmare.
Robison said most of the flames had been extinguished when he arrived two hours after the first alarm rang out.
Twelve hours after the fire began, small flames still burned in classrooms and thick smoke hung over the now roofless, windowless building.
Now, after three years of trying to sell, the owner, the New World Foundation, has given up and is cleaning and restoring the exterior of 100 East 85th Street.
In 1915, nine years after he graduated from Harvard, Morris organized the investment firm of Morris & Pope.
Directory listings suggest that, after his failure in 1917, Morris never re-entered the business world.
The Texas Women's Political Caucus, a largely Democratic organization with chapters in 13 counties, titled two of its nine scheduled workshops in this Dallas suburb Saturday ``Combating the Radical Right.'' Organizers said the seminars had been planned for several months as part of their biennial convention, but became more significant after the June state Republican convention in Fort Worth.
After emerging from prison in 1952, Ong resumed his activities in Hip Sing, which by then was under the presidency of his brother, Sam, and became the organization's leader after his brother's death in 1974, according to Ms. Kinkead.
But, she said, he went to jail once more in 1977-78 after a conviction for bribery.
Cliburn, 97, died Wednesday at a Fort Worth hospital after suffering a stroke on July 29.
One day, after she had finished a lesson with a star pupil, a 15-year-old who had recently mastered a piece, she was surprised to hear from another room the same piece being played.
The victim, Cecil Hill, of 485 Lenox Avenue, was discovered early on Saturday morning after his wife, who lives in New Jersey, placed frantic phone calls to security officers in the building, said Sgt.
Samper's explicit, aggressive stand contrasts with statements he made shortly after winning the June 19 election here.
But the innuendo surrounding the tapes came after weeks of deteriorating relations.
In what was seen here as a deliberate slap at Colombia, Americans abruptly canceled all the meetings after General Vargas had arrived in Washington.
``It has been one disaster after another,'' said Bruce M.
Large and small, American companies are discovering that after a decade of protectionism, Brazil is now open for computer business.
But after hitting record highs early last year, the market turned sour.
In January, the widow of a stock market speculator who committed suicide after running up huge debts in the nearby city of Hangzhou filed suit against the securities company that let him trade on credit.
Some analysts question whether there will be the need for a Shenzhen market after 1997, when neighboring Hong Kong and its solid financial markets are absorbed into China.
Humor is a necessary antidote for the Lakers right now after being shut out in attempts to sign either Grant or Manning.
No one expects the league to win that battle, though, after Portland center Chris Dudley won a similar contract scuffle in court last year.
Manning is waiting to sign with Phoenix, canceling his meetings with other teams, including the Lakers, after visiting the Suns last week.
A week ago at this time, Anderson, the No. 1-ranked female surfer in the world, was down and out after losing to fellow American Freida Zamba in the finals of the OP Pro Surfing Championship.
Slater also gained many young female fans after a short acting career in 1993 on the Fox television show ``Baywatch''.
NASCAR could not have scripted it any better, because after all the histrionics the spotlight eventually fell upon stock-car racing's next can't-miss star.
According to Davis, Johnson stared at several Angels players after striking them out.
But after 10 seasons, Raines saw the Expos organization had a bad habit of letting players go in their prime.
(HarperCollins, $24.) A woman tries to cope after an act of violence destroys her perfect family life.
The experiences of women after the deaths of their mothers.
	(Pocket, $6.99) A mother and her teen-age 	daughter go on a spree after winning 	$60 million in a lottery.
With the results of DNA testing weeks away, prosecutors are taking steps to build upon a theory that Simpson may have relentlessly stalked his former wife as his efforts to reconcile after their divorce failed.
Superior Court Judge Lance Ito said last Friday he was inclined to hold evidentiary hearings after the jury was impaneled, signaling for legal experts the judge, who is cautious by reputation, is concerned about additional pretrial publicity and intends to sequester the jury.
 (BC-SIMPSON-KILLINGS-2ndtake-LADN) Prosecutors may try to call one of Nicole Simpson's former boyfriends, Keith Zlomsowitch, a restaurateur she briefly dated after her separation from Simpson.
``There will probably be more pressure on the defense to go after her behavior and her character, but the defense doesn't want to do that unless they have to,'' Arenella said.
``At this point, they don't have to because they are going after a defense of factual innocence by presenting an alibi'' that Simpson was home preparing to fly to Chicago on a planned business trip at the time of the killings.
This scene will later be mirrored when Gradov is called to the Kremlin to look after Stalin himself, who has gone into convulsions from being constipate.
Maybe faith is his message after all.
``Clearly, there is great enthusiasm among partnerships'' for the structure, he added, ``and it would be appropriate for sole proprietorships'' in New York as well, because anyone suing could ``only go after the assets of the business, not your personal assets.'' The owner of a deli, for example, might want to make sure someone who trips over a delivery box in the store cannot jeopardize his personal assets.
Now, after months of lobbying by the radio industry, the law is about to be changed.
``It seems to me,'' Fehr said after arriving home from Washington, ``we're in a posture where they have predetermined dates when they'll be willing to negotiate, later this summer or next year.
Sunday, Pittsboro had calmed down after the big celebration following Gordon's victory at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway on Saturday in the richest, best-attended stock car race in history.
``He went in the corner,'' Hendrick remembered after Gordon's victory Saturday, ``and the car was so loose, it was really hazing the tires.'' Hendrick stood there, waiting for the accident he was sure was coming.
``He ran lap after lap after lap,'' Hendrick said, ``and someone told me it was Jeff Gordon.'' Hendrick is a Chevy man, and Gordon at the time was a protege of the Ford racing program.
Saturday, Gordon avoided disaster twice -- first when he almost collided with Geoff Bodine coming into the pits and later when Bodine spun in front of the pack after his brother, Brett, tapped his rear bumper.
RABIN TO MEET HUSSEIN IN AQABA JERUSALEM  (BC-ISRAEL-JORDAN-NYT) Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin of Israel plans to travel to the Jordanian town of Aqaba on Monday to meet King Hussein after he inaugurates a new border crossing between Israel and Jordan, Rabin's office said on Sunday.
The meeting will be the first public visit to Jordan by an Israeli prime minister after decades of secret contacts.
Rabin will enter Jordan after he officiates at an opening ceremony at the border crossing linking Aqaba and the Israeli resort town of Eilat, also on the Red Sea.
Only weeks after bidding farewell to Andrew Litton, the American conductor who takes over the Dallas Symphony this season, the orchestra announced that Litton's successor would be Yakov Kreizberg, a 34-year-old Russian who emigrated to the United States in 1976 and who is also music director of the Komische Oper, Berlin.
He said that after 30 years of directing opera companies (he went to Pittsburgh after tenures in San Diego and Cincinnati), he wanted to spend more time teaching and working as a free-lance stage director.
She was released on July 8, after Somali clan elders helped negotiate with her kidnappers.
But I realized after I shook off that feeling that it was the right thing to do.'' Even so, she kept suggesting to the kidnappers' erratic leader that they could exchange her for money.
``By having a policy in place, we are able to communicate that to applicants and hopefully prevent the protracted process of dealing with a problem after someone has been hired.'' But recent research suggests that moderate drinking may actually go hand in hand with higher productivity, or at least higher wages.
Co-founder Steve Jobs, and Sculley after him, crafted an identity for the company that combined counter-culture craziness, with cutting edge technology.
By 1990, Sculley had been running Apple for five years after Jobs resigned in a palace coup.
That trait hurt him last fall, when, days after leaving Apple, he joined Spectrum Information Technologies, a small company with questionable finances from which he quit in embarrassment three months later.
We had those three great races against Alydar, starting with the Kentucky Derby, a couple of days after my 18th birthday.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
Woodard was expected to announce Boeing's expansion after a contract signing ceremony Monday in Beijing for China's Xian Aircraft Co. to co-produce rear fuselage sections of Boeing's 737 twin-engine jet.
But after ``The Raven'' crashed to earth, CBS had to go back to that series to fill a hole on Saturday night.
The ankle became swollen, and X-rays after the game showed a sprain.
``I feel very comfortable the way I'm playing,'' Brown said after the game.
Hillman, who will turn pro after he graduates from the University of Tulsa next winter, eliminated Thomas, the 1993 Metropolitan Golf Association player of the year, with a 2 and 1 triumph.
Hitting fairways and greens with consistency, Hillman was up by three holes after the first 18.
``It made lunch taste pretty good.'' Hillman extended his lead with another birdie on the first hole after lunch, but bogeys on the fourth and sixth narrowed the gap to two.
He attributed his success to working with Evan Schiller, now an independent pro after working for two years as an assistant at Westchester.
Dalhart, one of the Loblolly Stable's candidates for the Triple Crown last year, faded to sixth place after that.
When those machete killings began in April, Kazima was working with the Dutch branch of Doctors Without Borders, in Butare in southern Rwanda, where he volunteered to stay after the foreign medical workers were evacuated.
I took a cab and found only the guard at the house.'' ``I asked where are the others and he told me that after we left, the military arrived with an informer.
Saturday, Starr indicated that he would make no decisions until after he met with Fiske later this week.
Friday, hours after congressional hearings on Whitewater had concluded, the appeals panel found that it would be inconsistent with the independent counsel law for the administration to play any role in the selection of a special prosecutor.
Last month, shortly after the law was re-enacted, she asked the court to appoint him.
Fiske had not reached any conclusions about whether any crimes were committed when papers were removed from Foster's office shortly after his death.
He will join the Israeli prime minister in the Jordanian port city of Aqaba, where Rabin will meet with King Hussein and become the first Israeli prime minister to visit Jordan publicly after decades of secret contacts.
``This city really needs those trams.'' ``The snipers were retaliating for our advances,'' said another Bosnian army soldier lugging his rucksack home on Sunday after a stint at the front line somewhere outside of town.
The afternoon sniping attacks became so regular that press photographers and television crews gathered on the sidewalk across the street from the Holiday Inn after lunch to await the inevitable gunshots and the day's take of wounded.
U.N. officials are clearly anxious to restore the tram service, which they considered the showpiece of their campaign to normalize life in Sarajevo after a NATO ultimatum halted a 22-month Serbian bombardment in February.
The area went quiet on Sunday after a few rifle blasts in the morning.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Blake was the Jets' second choice of the sixth round in 1992 after dismantling the East Carolina record books.
Foley admits he was disappointed he wasn't a higher draft pick, and after the third round he figured his chances were over.
The Jets' top draft pick, Aaron Glenn, apparently had the emotional right stuff after unwisely trying for an interception in the end zone on a play that resulted in a Lions touchdown.
The stock, which was trading in the mid-$40 range on the New York Stock Exchange a couple of years ago, rose by 12.5 cents a share on July 26, to $3.625, after the equity committee submitted its plan, which includes a rights offering at $3.875 a share.
But the stock fell back the next day after the filing of the management plan, which includes a $2-a-share offering to shareholders after the effect of a 2-for-1 reverse stock split.
I'm living in the same house that I had before -- on the first hole at the Beckett Ridge Country Club.'' Dismissed seven months ago after four years as the Jets coach, Coslet has come back to Cincinnati as the Bengals' offensive coordinator -- the same job he held in 1989 before landing in New York.
Receiver Tim McGee, who played for Coslet and who also returned to the team this year after a season with the Redskins, thinks Coslet can jolt the offense back to life.
DELL TO UNVEIL TWO LINES OF NOTEBOOK COMPUTERS  (BC-DELL-NOTEBOOK-COMPUTE-NYT) A year after pulling its notebook computers from the market, Dell Computer Corp.
In it, she said she had been grossly underpaid: that even after she got a 50-cent raise to $8.50 an hour, her colleagues, all men, were earning up to $22 an hour.
``I only fire people after the weekend.'' Ms. Wolper resigned in a rage over her salary, he said, leaving him perilously short-handed.
The investment has been a disaster: The stock, which traded as high as $12 a share last summer, collapsed to barely $4 a share in March, after the company disclosed that it was investigating accusations of dishonest dealings by its founder.
 (BC-FUNDS-MANAGERS-II-ART-2NDTAKE-NYT) But even with such a disclosure, he said, the manager may have exposed his fund's assets to lawsuits by people who lost money after buying the shares sold by the fund.
``Other people read the 10-K's for us,'' Thieme said of his investment in Work Recovery Inc., a company whose public filing said it had been defrauded after seeking loans through shady financiers.
Even that regulatory scrutiny is being investigated, after a staff member of the British Columbia Securities Commission resigned in January complaining that Rare Earth and Cycomm had been improperly allowed to trade, despite staff objections.
The city's payroll records, which were released to The New York Times only after it filed formal requests under the Freedom of Information Law, showed wide variations among the departments in the number of political appointments.
In Afghanistan, where some 1.5 million people came back in 1992 alone after more than a decade of exile in Pakistan and Iran, renewed fighting broke out among the Muslim fighters who ousted the Soviet troops.
``Right after the cold war we thought all the problems would be solved,'' noted Sadako Ogata, the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Another characteristic of the new conflicts is that they can rise up quickly or suddenly ignite after simmering for long periods, catching international rescue agencies and the United Nations off guard.
The problem is that the coverage is usually effective only after the catastrophe is out of hand and television screens are filled with footage of ragged, starving children.
The most outstanding example to date was the creation of a vast safety zone in northern Iraq in 1991 to prevent the government of Saddam Hussein from exacting reprisals from the Kurdish population after the Persian Gulf war.
Matkin called for 17 reforms, including shifting the job of policing local brokers from the exchange to an independent body, and establishing a stronger market regulator modeled after the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
Jim Chapman, 49, a Democrat whose district covers the northeast corner of Texas, remembers how the uninsured or the underinsured would sometimes speak to him after the town meetings, having waited until the doctors and other officials who usually dominated those sessions had left.
Andrews, D-Texas, one of many Democrats who argue that the Gephardt plan relies too much on government -- instead of the market -- to expand coverage, says being concerned for the uninsured ``doesn't mean just voting for everything.'' The reception afforded the bipartisan plan, which is finally expected to be unveiled this week after much delay and reported difficulty in reaching agreement, should give some clues to the fate of the Gephardt plan.
When Lynch's report was delivered to regulators, two days before it was made public but several weeks after he showed it to senior GE and Kidder officials, the Kidder's top three executives had already been swept out and a new GE team was on board.
And on Saturday, the streetcar that was considered the showpiece of the U.N. campaign to normalize life here was forced to shut down, after five months back in operation, because of a daily rain of sniper fire.
``This city really needs those streetcars.'' Another, lugging his rucksack home on Sunday after a stint at the front line, said: ``The snipers were retaliating for our advances.
	Dell Computer will introduce two notebook computers, a year after it pulled its notebook machines off the market.
Now, after lobbying by the radio industry, the law requiring such on-air language about terms, payments and eligibility is about to be changed.
One senator after another will express disappointment that firmer measures were not included.
Beginning six months after the law is enacted, a system of ``community rating'' would be established that would charge all individuals in a region the same premium, except that premiums for people 65 years old could be twice as much as those for 18-year-olds.
Around that time, his wife sued for divorce after 10 years of marriage.
He can say that in 1993, after his attack of angina, he underwent quintuple bypass surgery.
Someone is actually getting to some truth after 40 years of deception.'' 
But little else was simple on Sunday about the scene is this tiny town of 800 a day after a fire destroyed most of the classrooms at the school.
``I admire him for standing up as long as he has.'' Bernice Wright, a 50-year-old black woman who graduated from the segregated black high school here but had five children who graduated from Randolph County High School after integration finally came in 1972, said that the predominantly white school board could have resolved the dispute long ago by applying ``intelligence.'' She drew a questioner's attention to her light complexion, which could lead some to mistake her for white.
A few weeks after the California announcement, the FPL Group, a utility holding company in Juno Beach, Fla., said it would slash its quarterly dividend 30 percent and use the money saved to position itself better for competition.
Then, after a moment's silence, Bartabas runs back through the gloom, pursued by the horse.
SIX STOWAWAYS RESCUED FROM ESTONIAN FREIGHTER NEW YORK  (BC-NY-STOWAWAYS-700&ADD-NYT) Six young stowaways from the Dominican Republic, who said they had been beaten and subjected to forced labor after being discovered aboard an Estonian freighter, were rescued by American authorities Sunday after three of them leaped into the Atlantic from the vessel's anchorage outside New York Harbor.
Tattered and grimy after days at sea and apparently desperate to escape, three of the men plunged 40 feet from the deck of the freighter into the sea shortly before 1 p.m. and began swimming for the distant city.
``It was a good battle between a good pitcher and a good hitter,'' said Manager Buck Showalter after the Yanks lost two straight games for the first time since July 9 and 10.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) For the Yankees, there was no joy in Minneapolis because they carried a 6-4 lead into the eighth after having trailed by 4-0.
But the Yankees, who are 59-4 when they lead after the seventh, left the bases loaded with one out in the sixth and stumbled in the eighth as Bob Wickman lacked control.
``The problem is getting someplace after I hit it.
Smith cited ``how much more confidence I have in my stuff.'' ``I'd throw my fastball down the chute for home runs before,'' he said after the game.
It was definitely a quality start for him.'' Bowen (1-5) returned to the Marlins' rotation for the first time since May 9 after a series of injuries.
``It's really kind of disappointing, after fighting so hard,'' said Jim Leoni of the Forest Service.
He was a good worker and a good person.'' Sunada had gone home, after working the dinner shift, at 11:30 p.m. on Thursday.
``I know every kid, but I've never seen this one,'' said Lincoln Sessons, a dean at Medgar Evers College, after watching Livingston make a steal at midcourt before throwing down a thunderous reverse jam.
``I can play with anybody,'' Livingston said after an 11-point, double-digit rebounds and blocks performance.
``People keep telling me the rims here are low,'' said Rick Nerse, after watching Livingston pin an opponent's shot on the backboard.
``Does anybody think a private developer would have assembled 30 parcels on this site?'' said Ms. Robertson, who reacted angrily to a recent report by the Municipal Art Society that the tax breaks pledged to George Klein and the Prudential Insurance Company of America, the developers, would amount to $1.5 billion to $4.2 billion after their towers are complete.
The police did arrive at his 20-story building soon after the call, she said, though they left without investigating his 17th-floor apartment.
Three days after that, Horace Myers, 20, was picked up driving Rawlins' car, which was stolen after he was slain, and charged with killing him, the police reported.
``What is an issue is 911's horrible failure.'' Foreman said the tape detailed a ``long and protracted struggle'' followed by ``a period of silence.'' He said that after the sounds of a violent struggle and the minutes of silence, the tape ended with someone picking up the phone and saying: ``Everything's OK.
Now, 16 years after the fire and with the district attorney's office having been thwarted in all attempts to reinstate the conviction, Jackson-Knight's retrial has begun.
A trial 16 years after the fact does make for a singular courtroom experience and a strange kind of theater, dominated by the large-scale rendering of the supermarket.
One slide showed the roof seconds after the collapse, as 12 men plummeted into the smoke and flames and others raced for the edge to escape.
And we thought we were going to a typical fire.'' Nothing about the fire was typical, and nothing about the long pursuit of justice has been typical, least of all a murder trial 16 years after the fact.
 (BC-CONN-GOVERNOR-RACE-450&ADD-NYT) Three years after Connecticut adopted an income tax, Tom Scott, the Rush Limbaugh of state politics, says lingering resentment over that move could make him a serious candidate for governor.
Beschen and Slater advanced to the final round after defeating Hawaii's Sunny Garcia and Australia's Michael Barry, respectively, in the semifinals.
One of the many strike conspiracy theories -- this one doesn't involve a grassy knoll or a recovered glove -- is that the regular season could be wiped out entirely after Friday and an agreement will come just in time to save the playoffs and World Series for this year.
The Dodgers took charge of Sunday's game right from the start, as Orel Hershiser no-hit the Rockies for 51/3 innings and was staked to a 3-0 lead after two.
In the second set, after Becker had broken him two straight times, Woodforde held serve to keep from losing 6-1.
Natalia Zvereva split with her partner after winning Wimbledon, which was odd.
The two shops were selected after a review that also included Clarion Marketing and Communications of Greenwich, Conn., and the Pacific Marketing Group of San Francisco.
She said the company would identify its agencies at the end of the summer after Digital's review for a lead worldwide strategic agency and a third review, for an agency to handle regional assignments.
Aikman seeing a chance for six points is like a wolf spotting a pork chop: He's going after it.
It was as if someone pulled the plug on this game after Aikman's touchdown run.
McCormack and Wisniewski repeatedly battled even after the whistle, and once, Wisniewski was flagged for an illegal chop block on McCormack.
We don't want that.'' Aikman (6 of 6 passing last week, 3 of 4 yesterday) retired after one possession.
RAIDERS' MCGLOCKTON GETS SCARY TEST FOR LEG IRVING, Texas  (BC-FBN-RAIDERS NOTES-LADN) Chester McGlockton's demeanor after the Raiders' 27-19 victory over the Dallas Cowboys Sunday was a lot mellower than in the first quarter.
That's when McGlockton came off the field after making a tackle and angrily flipped his helmet toward the bench.
This year, after the Winter Games in Lillehammer and the month-long World Cup soccer tournament in the U.S., the Goodwill Games arrived almost unexpectedly, through the back door.
St. Petersburg didn't want any crime during the Goodwill fortnight, especially after the U.S. consul warned about the threat to visitors a few months earlier.
Before, during and after each Goodwill Games, there has been widespread speculation this would be the last of Turner's Folly.
The finale, an 87-63 victory over France, was almost an anticlimax after the U.S. dominated favored China 105-73 in Saturday's semifinals.
I don't know why I'm so skeptical; after all, I sometimes think there are two distinct parts of my mind, the columnist part and the parent part, and that they are occasionally filled with quite different things.
Others have become Flying Dutchmen, rousted out of one place after another.
In a letter to the editor, a reader of The Seattle Post-Intelligencer wrote, ``If these guys are dangerous enough to warrant a warning that has no parallel among other violent crimes, why are they loose at all?'' But after all the arguments are done, I am left with a feeling.
It may simply be that, like all bureaucracies, they crush people who ask, ``Why?'' Well, after unwelcome Ms. Faulkner was court-ordered into the Citadel, the next question was about her haircut.
Now, a week after an abortion doctor and his 74-year-old escort were shot to death in Pensacola, Fla., it seems prophetic.
He confirmed, after all, an anti-abortion stereotype that studies have shown many journalists already entertain.
``We never used the term `crumbling infrastructure,' but we touched on the idea.'' Hal Foster created Prince Valiant after giving up Tarzan, which he had illustrated off and on in the 20s and 30s.
The son, renamed Prince Valiant by the president of King Features, became a squire of Sir Gawain and after proving his bravery, was accepted as a knight of the Round Table.
John Cullen Murphy took over Prince Valiant at episode 1,760, after passing a try-out with Foster in 1970.
The emotions produced by moments such as the announcement of the end of World War II, the Kennedy assassination, the lunar landing stay with us long after the event.
(HarperCollins, $24.) A woman tries to cope after an act of violence destroys her perfect family life.
The experiences of women after the deaths of their mothers.
	(Pocket, $6.99) A mother and her teen-age 	daughter go on a spree after winning 	$60 million in a lottery.
``Clearly, there is great enthusiasm among partnerships'' for the structure, he added, ``and it would be appropriate for sole proprietorships'' in New York as well, because anyone suing could ``only go after the assets of the business, not your personal assets.'' The owner of a deli, for example, might want to make sure someone who trips over a delivery box in the store cannot jeopardize his personal assets.
But, after a suitable pause for sticker shock to subside, Mercedes- Benz points out that the S320's sophisticated six-cylinder engine has EPA figures of 17 mpg in the city and 24 mpg on the highway, meaning it doesn't carry the gas-guzzler tax normally associated with big M-B cars.
But, after a suitable pause for sticker shock to subside, Mercedes- Benz points out that the S320's sophisticated six-cylinder engine has EPA figures of 17 mpg in the city and 24 mpg on the highway, meaning it doesn't carry the gas-guzzler tax normally associated with big M-B cars.
12, after a two-week battle with the British Eighth Army.
Tweed was rescued July 10 on Guam after holding out alone against the Japanese for 31 months.
12 after an explosion during a test flight in the European theater.
Kennedy, returned to the United States recently after being decorated for heroic actions as a PT boat commander in the South Pacific.
In the first 25 games after the All-Star break in both 1991 and 1993, they were 17-8; they're 13-12 this time.
Clinton is not only welcoming the U.N. but trying to make it the vehicle for intervention.'' Actually, when President Monroe unveiled his doctrine to Congress a mere 40 years after Britain had been thrown out of the 13 Colonies, it was never intended to make the United States the policeman of the Western Hemisphere.
For example, after the Justice Department suggested during the Cuban missile crisis that the United States could claim special legal rights in the hemisphere under the Monroe Doctrine, John Kennedy dismissed the notion out of hand, saying: ``The Monroe Doctrine?
There may be a third explanation too: that security council endorsement was a convenient way to neutralize predictable opposition from Latin countries to an invasion, and the best way to recruit the international corps of 10,000 or so troops, police and civilian contractors the United States feels will be needed after an invasion.
Louise Slaughter, ``I don't want government messing in health insurance.'' The elderly are, of course, beneficiaries of a government health insurance program, one of the most popular domestic programs around, signed into law 29 years ago after a long debate on the very question of whether government should be involved in guaranteeing health care to a vast segment of the American people.
For however inadequate critics may consider the White House airlift or the French peacekeeping mission called in after Rwanda's genocidal implosion, these are acts of bounteous compassion compared to what Africans themselves have done in this and other tragedies.
To Johnson, the worst example of the solidarity of thugs was the almost unanimous support of African leaders for Idi Amin while he savaged Uganda; even after his butchery was widely known, the Organization of African Unity elected him its president.
When the PRI presidential candidate Luis Donaldo Colosio was assassinated in Tijuana in March, so many people doubted the official explanation -- that a deranged gunman had acted alone -- that questions arose over whether the accused assassin held in a central Mexico jail was the same man who had been taken into custody seconds after the shooting.
But when he practically stopped making public appearances shortly after his overpowering performance in the May 12 presidential debate, he was accused of having cut a deal with the PRI.
Salinas won with just over 50 percent of the vote, but only after computers mysteriously broke down on election night.
``The issue,'' Gramm asserted shortly after the clock struck 1 o'clock Wednesday morning, ``is do we have a right to expect people who testify before our committee to answer our questions fully and honestly?'' By law, of course, the senators do have that right.
Bok offered a hypothetical example of a kind of situation that arises in campaign after campaign: A big-city mayor is running for re-election.
He knows it is the right thing to do and plans to do it after he is re-elected.
My mother was left with four children who soon became five when my younger sister was born two months after my father died.
FORECAST: ELVIS SIGHTED DURING BASEBALL STRIKE  (BC-TV-BASEBALL-REVIEW-NYT) Next Friday, three weeks after a pitcher threw a perfect game, two weeks after a shortstop played his 2,000th consecutive game and right in the middle of three sluggers' pursuit of Roger Maris, baseball fans may be reduced to watching Elvis movies and a former basketball player trying to blast his way to a .200 batting average -- in the minors.
It's like the film breaking in the middle of the shower scene in ``Psycho.'' It's like cutting to a commercial just after Columbo says, ``Just one more thing.'' The deprivation is certain to feel much worse this year than it could have in any previous season, because the viewers have gotten accustomed to seeing so much more baseball: the Yankees on two channels, the Mets on two channels, the Braves on almost every night, Wednesday and Sunday games on ESPN.
Jordan, who after socking one over the fence recently was only 40 homers behind the Giants' Matt Williams, qualifies as the most exciting programming this all-sports channel can devise, at least until the Arena Football League starts up.
STONES ON A ROLL: AS CYNICAL AS EVER  (BC-STONES-REVIEW-NYT) But 32 years after Mick Jagger and Keith Richards got together to knock out some Chicago blues, the Rolling Stones are headlining stadiums once again.
Looking back at 1969, when Penthouse magazine began and the Saturday Evening Post closed after a century of modesty, you don't have to be swaying obeisantly in a mass of Deadheads to see how sex once was a less forbidding distraction than it has lately become.
On a simpler scale, we still have time to mass, in Hollywood, ideally, 200 years after men's hair powder was disfavored by the primping Founding Fathers.
Daniel Berrigan, still conscientious after all these years, saw it all coming: ``A revolution is interesting insofar as it avoids like the plague the plague it promised to heal.'' About the big plague, this year we can commemorate the 1,400th year of its ending.
married Marilyn, a decade after ``The Glass Menagerie'' made an American romance of memory.
The book of Deuteronomy allowed warriors infatuated with captives from enemy tribes to marry them but only after shaving the women's heads and abstaining from sexual relations for a month.
Centuries after she was burned at the stake, said Ulrike Wiethaus, a medieval scholar at Wake Forest University, most artists painted the 19-year-old rebel with a flowing mane.
Last week, after one stylist reduced the model Roshumba Williams' hair to a soft stubble, Fekkai pronounced her an exquisite beauty who, with longer hair, ``would have, ah, an ordinary face on top of an extraordinary, a really good body.'' With the cut, her cheekbones were sharp, her look, ``fantastic.'' Defiant or Peaceful?
Rachel Rosenthal, a smooth-pated, 67-year-old performance artist, shaved her long strawberry blond locks on a theater's stage in 1981 after a con man stole her $200,000 nest egg.
 (BC-THISWEEK-REVIEW-2TAKES-NYT) THE NORTH KOREANS RETURN TO THE TABLE FOR NUCLEAR BARGAINING Four weeks after the death of President Kim Il Sung, North Korea resumed negotiations with the United States on its nuclear program last week in Geneva.
With the couple staying in New York's Trump Tower last week after confirming their long-rumored nuptials, there was no end to the ways newspapers and television programs found to tell this tale.
Questioning Rail Safety After an Amtrak Wreck The Clinton administration is planning an inquiry into the safety of the country's passenger railroads after Amtrak's South Shore Limited derailed in Batavia, N.Y., last week, sending nine cars and 320 sleepy passengers plunging down a rock embankment and into a wooded gully at 3:44 a.m. No one was killed, but scores suffered broken bones and other injuries.
NICOTINE IS COMPARED WITH COCAINE AND HEROIN It was no surprise that an advisory panel to the Food and Drug Administration declared nicotine addictive last week; after all, nicotine's habit-forming properties have been noted by those as far back as the native Americans and the sailors with Columbus who first tried inhaling nicotine-filled smoke.
Late in the week, Bosnian Serbs tested the United Nations by retrieving a tank and four other heavy weapons from a U.N.-guarded depot where they had been impounded in order to bring calm to Sarajevo; after NATO planes shot up a Bosnian armored vehicle in retaliation, the Serbs promised to send back the heavy weapons.
In Afghanistan, where some 1.5 million people came back in 1992 alone after more than a decade of exile in Pakistan and Iran, renewed fighting broke out among the Muslim fighters who ousted the Soviet troops.
``Right after the cold war we thought all the problems would be solved,'' noted Sadako Ogata, the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Another characteristic of the new conflicts is that they can rise up quickly or suddenly ignite after simmering for long periods, catching international rescue agencies and the United Nations off guard.
The problem is that the coverage is usually effective only after the catastrophe is out of hand and television screens are filled with footage of ragged, starving children.
And on Saturday, the streetcar that was considered the showpiece of the U.N. campaign to normalize life here was forced to shut down, after five months back in operation, because of a daily rain of sniper fire.
``This city really needs those streetcars.'' Another, lugging his rucksack home on Sunday after a stint at the front line, said: ``The snipers were retaliating for our advances.
The most outstanding example to date was the creation of a vast safety zone in northern Iraq in 1991 to prevent the government of Saddam Hussein from exacting reprisals from the Kurdish population after the Persian Gulf war.
A few weeks after the California announcement, the FPL Group, a utility holding company in Juno Beach, Fla., said it would slash its quarterly dividend 30 percent and use the money saved to position itself better for competition.
The investment has been a disaster: The stock, which traded as high as $12 a share last summer, collapsed to barely $4 a share in March, after the company disclosed that it was investigating accusations of dishonest dealings by its founder.
 (BC-FUNDS-MANAGERS-II-ART-2NDTAKE-NYT) But even with such a disclosure, he said, the manager may have exposed his fund's assets to lawsuits by people who lost money after buying the shares sold by the fund.
``Other people read the 10-K's for us,'' Thieme said of his investment in Work Recovery Inc., a company whose public filing said it had been defrauded after seeking loans through shady financiers.
Even that regulatory scrutiny is being investigated, after a staff member of the British Columbia Securities Commission resigned in January complaining that Rare Earth and Cycomm had been improperly allowed to trade, despite staff objections.
Matkin called for 17 reforms, including shifting the job of policing local brokers from the exchange to an independent body, and establishing a stronger market regulator modeled after the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
Around that time, his wife sued for divorce after 10 years of marriage.
He can say that in 1993, after his attack of angina, he underwent quintuple bypass surgery.
Someone is actually getting to some truth after 40 years of deception.'' 
``It's really kind of disappointing, after fighting so hard,'' said Jim Leoni of the Forest Service.
Named the Trauner fire after a ranch in the area, the fire was in the same area of the huge 49er fire that destroyed 150 homes and burned some 35,300 acres of woodland in the summer of 1988.
We have principles, after all.
``I think we went off for five days after the primary, and that was it.
``The Mexicans decide for themselves what they want to do, but we go there saying there is a relationship: We as U.S. citizens have an investment in Mexico,'' said Rojas, 57, a retired Sacramento farm labor organizer who was born in a California migrant camp and grew up among wave after wave of Mexican immigrants.
She said Mexicans had told her they hoped there were no repeat performances of 1988's presidential election, when violence broke out after the central computer system tallying votes crashed mysteriously.
``The Mexicans decide for themselves what they want to do, but we go there saying there is a relationship: We as U.S. citizens have an investment in Mexico,'' said Rojas, 57, a retired Sacramento farm labor organizer who was born in a California migrant camp and grew up among wave after wave of Mexican immigrants.
She said Mexicans had told her they hoped there were no repeat performances of 1988's presidential election, when violence broke out after the central computer system tallying votes crashed mysteriously.
The price of crude oil climbed to 17-month highs a week ago after speculators took profits based on rumors that the Nigerian military government might release opposition leader Moshood Abiola.
The price of crude oil climbed to 17-month highs a week ago after speculators took profits based on rumors that the Nigerian military government might release opposition leader Moshood Abiola.
QUICK PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION RESULTS PROMISED IN MEXICO MEXICO CITY  (BC-MEXICO-ELECTION-RESULTS-HNS) For the first time in a Mexican presidential election, quick-count results will be given to the Mexican public just a few hours after the polls close.
That year, vote-counting computers mysteriously crashed only hours after polls closed on July 6 -- with the PRD's Cardenas in the lead -- and did not come back on-line until several days later.
On July 31, after the failure of trade talks in Washington, the American government formally served notice that it considered Japan to be guilty of discrimination against American firms in its purchases of telecommunications and medical equipment.
On July 31, after the failure of trade talks in Washington, the American government formally served notice that it considered Japan to be guilty of discrimination against American firms in its purchases of telecommunications and medical equipment.
Now the office has 3,500 staff looking after 23 million refugees on four continents.
Now the office has 3,500 staff looking after 23 million refugees on four continents.
Those who support including abortion in the bill point out that it is, after all, legal.
Those who support including abortion in the bill point out that it is, after all, legal.
``But I had no idea it would be this big.'' The idea for the character of Forrest Gump came to Groom in early 1986 after he and his father had enjoyed a weekend visit together.
Then nurses exit those lives for other patients' lives and more crises, day after day, leaving many patients wondering, ``How can they do what they do?'' and ``Who are these nurses anyway?'' Echo Heron, a veteran critical-care nurse, answers those questions with unflinching honesty.
This is the veteran after being in the trenches for 15 years.'' And now out of the trenches.
The reason it sounds like a dream is because it is a dream, I discovered after calling each of the numbers in these advertisements, each of which was published in newspapers or magazines this past week.
Jennifer answered my call, and after explaining the cruise ship industry, she explained that I'd get a ``thorough guide to the industry'' and advice on ``how to put your resume together.'' All this for a ``onetime fee of $49.95'' plus a mailing charge of ``$5 to $10.'' Well, maybe I better stay clear of cruise ship guides.
And as for that log cabin, well, after paying for the catalog, I discovered that the $19,995 doesn't include interior walls, roof, plumbing, electrical, foundation, doors, windows or much of anything else besides the outside walls.
Right, what deals! The reason it sounds like a dream is because it is a dream, I discovered after calling each of the numbers in these advertisements, each of which was published in newspapers or magazines this past week.
Instead of chasing after a cable TV star or a home-shopping network, PacTel has taken a less risky approach.
He is a casual manager -- not afraid to show up at the office in gym shorts after a workout.
He does not rule out the possibility of building a national network through alliances -- but only after gaining a solid footing in California.
To her surprise, she found evidence that sheep, too, engage in a lot of complex social behavior, making conciliatory gestures after a fight and sticking up for a sheep-mate when the animal is persecuted by the group.
Sanders Williams, the chief of cardiology at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas, said, ``This work is quite high-tech and futuristic, but it's also extraordinarily promising.'' Nonetheless, he added, ``it's probably overly enthusiastic to think that it will move directly to the clinic.'' The reclogging of an artery after it has been opened with a balloon is caused by a tumorlike growth of the smooth-muscle cells that line the artery wall.
And, she said, the gene therapy is effective only for a few weeks, after which the adenovirus dies.
But it has generally been assumed that once the sea temperatures around the Equator return to normal, after one to three years, El Nino's influence is over.
The head-on collisions of particles like protons and electrons (or their antimatter partners, antiprotons and positrons) produce microscopic fireballs comparable in temperature to that of the universe a few trillionths of a second after it was created in the explosion called the Big Bang.
She can't see why we have to live in near poverty after my having spent eight expensive years earning a doctorate.'' More serious for particle physics, some said, is the communications gulf between scientists and the politicians who control federal money.
QUICK PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION RESULTS PROMISED IN MEXICO MEXICO CITY  (BC-MEXICO-ELECTION-RESULTS-HNS) For the first time in a Mexican presidential election, quick-count results will be given to the Mexican public just a few hours after the polls close.
That year, vote-counting computers mysteriously crashed only hours after polls closed on July 6 -- with the PRD's Cardenas in the lead -- and did not come back on-line until several days later.
The owners took 18 months to propose a plan under which the players would agree to a salary cap, which would seriously limit the free-agent market (as it has in the NBA and, after an initial adjustment period, as it is now impacting the NFL), and would give up salary arbitration.
The owners took 18 months to propose a plan under which the players would agree to a salary cap, which would seriously limit the free-agent market (as it has in the NBA and, after an initial adjustment period, as it is now impacting the NFL), and would give up salary arbitration.
American deep-sea fisherman, who can take ice chest after ice chest of their catch back on their international flights, are driving a hotel and residential building boom.
Many Mexicans are so tired of the PRI, even after President Carlos Salinas de Gortari did away with much of the party's nationalist, protectionist and socialist policies.
Just as important, ``Salinastroika'' also opened the door to real opposition parties, the PAN in particular having gained a national presence after building a solid base in Baja, Calif.
There is precedent for this, even in Latin American: The Sandinistas in Nicaragua were voted out of office after it became abundantly clear that they were in the business of revolution so as to enrich themselves with confiscated property and enterprises.
	The meeting and ceremony, that follows years of secret contacts, comes just two weeks after the Washington summit between Rabin and the Jordanian Monarch, that ended the state of war between the two neighbors.
This is the field in which death and destruction were sowed.'' 	``We are sitting at this time and at this place, all of us, Israelis and Jordanians, before the future,'' Rabin said, ``to our right and to our left stand the new Israeli-Jordan border crossing terminals which sprang up over night.'' 	HEBRON, West Bank (NYT) -- An international observer force left Hebron Monday, three months after it was sent to this troubled town to help restore calm in the aftermath of a massacre of 29 Muslim worshipers by a Jewish settler.
As the 50th anniversary of the bombing nears, Tibbets has begun campaigning against what he calls the politicizing of his aircraft, which he named after his mother.
They also point out that the Enola Gay, fully assembled, will take its place among other historic aircraft at the planned Air and Space Museum annex near Dulles International Airport in suburban Virginia sometime after 2000.
As the 50th anniversary of the bombing nears, Tibbets has begun campaigning against what he calls the politicizing of his aircraft, which he named after his mother.
They also point out that the Enola Gay, fully assembled, will take its place among other historic aircraft at the planned Air and Space Museum annex near Dulles International Airport in suburban Virginia sometime after 2000.
The outspoken Moscow politician sent shock waves through Western governments last year after his Nationalist Party defeated democratic reformers in parliamentary elections.
The outspoken Moscow politician sent shock waves through Western governments last year after his Nationalist Party defeated democratic reformers in parliamentary elections.
Al Rosen was the San Francisco Giants' president and general manager from 1985-1992, after serving in a similar capacity with the Yankees and Astros.
Al Rosen was the San Francisco Giants' president and general manager from 1985-1992, after serving in a similar capacity with the Yankees and Astros.
Imagine the tension in September as Ken Griffey Jr. goes after Roger Maris' home run record, Joe Carter approaches Hack Wilson's RBI record and Paul O'Neill tries to become the first player in 53 years to hit .400.
That's been their intention from the beginning.'' Rockies manager Don Baylor, asked if there would be baseball after mid-July: ``No, I don't see it.
Basically, there is a need for cheerful styles in the stores in November, before spring clothes arrive and after fall stocks have been thinned.
In recent days: - Reporter Ernst Ocean, who works for a station called Radio Tropic, disappeared after reporting on a voodoo ceremony held by military officers in the central Haitian town of Gonaives to ward off a U.S. invasion.
Haitian officials last Thursday deported a three-person television crew from the MacNeil/Lehrer Newshour after parading them through the streets in a pickup truck.
Argentine reporters left with their ambassador and resident countrymen Saturday after some diplomats received death threats from men angered that Argentine President Carlos Menem pledged troops as part of a multinational force that would invade Haiti or help keep the peace afterwards.
Senator after senator delved into the subject.
The big Atlantic mound was named after an earlier geological survey of the area, the Trans-Atlantic Geotraverse, or TAG.
In concert, this battery of gear will measure the mound before, during and after the drilling, allowing detailed measurements of such things as the changing patterns of the flow of heat and water.
The Mass' nickname, after all, stems from its prominent use of orchestral winds (harmonie, as a wind band used to be called), which sometimes had difficulty here projecting under the weight of the voices.
He continued after the war overseeing the committee's work in East Asia and then served as a Quaker international affairs representative.
Is this person someone who can interact with the kids the way I can?''' Bergman-Hamzeh says she spent her spare time cleaning her own house after hiring Carmen, her live-out nanny.
If you're upset about something an employee has or hasn't done, wait to discuss it until after you've calmed down.
Bentsen himself gave inconsistent testimony, contradicting both Hanson and Altman, who said they briefed him before and after the White House meeting.
Demoralized by the apparent success of Salinas, who took power in 1988 after presidential elections marred by widespread allegations of fraud, the Mexican left was galvanized on New Year's Day by the bloody Zapatista uprising.
It set off a political and social chain reaction that now threatens the PRI with losing national power after 65 years.
It sells year after year,'' Williams said.
Houghton Mifflin, which acquired all rights to the book, after author H.A. Rey died in 1977, will release a 14-by-17-inch paperback version Aug.
Chiao's Chinese government counterpart, Tang Shubei, secretary-general of China's Association for Relations Across the Taiwan Strait, was quoted in news reports as agreeing that the accord, reached on Sunday in Taiwan after eight days of talks, was a breakthrough.
But after sampling the pleasures of Venice, leaving wasn't any fun either.
Reebok International Ltd., which entered the soccer shoe business only after sponsorship rights to the World Cup had been sold to rival Adidas, found ways to create several tie-ins with the World Cup.
They include strange memory lapses by key aides who ought to know better and ever-increasing revelations of ``new and improved'' versions of the truth about such things as what happened to Whitewater papers spirited out of the office of a White House aide after he committed suicide.
The meeting and ceremony, after years of secret contacts, comes just two weeks after the Washington meeting between Rabin and the Jordanian king, which ended the state of war between the two neighbors.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Hussein played host to Rabin and Christopher at his palace on the Red Sea immediately after the early-morning border opening.
This is called Warren's Shaft, after the British engineer Charles Warren, who explored it in 1867.
U.S., NORTH KOREA SAY PROGRESS MADE IN TALKS ON NORTH'S NUCLEAR PROGRAM PARIS  (BC-KOREA-U.S.-TALKS-300&ADD-NYT) Resuming negotiations after a weekend break, the United States and North Korea said on Monday that they had made some progress in dealing with an array of issues related to North Korea's nuclear program and its future.
``I would say that we made some progress on some of the issues outstanding between us,'' Gallucci told reporters after Monday's session, ``but of course there are many issues -- many complicated issues -- yet to be resolved.
We have certainly a ways to go.'' The talks, which were interrupted last month, one day after they began, by the death of President Kim Il Sung of North Korea, resumed in Geneva on Friday.
OBSERVER FORCE LEAVES HEBRON HEBRON, Occupied West Bank  (BC-ISRAEL-HEBRON-450&ADD-NYT) An international observer force left Hebron on Monday, three months after it was sent here to help restore calm after the killing of 29 Muslim worshipers by a Jewish settler.
``They made an honest effort, but Israeli obstinacy and the lack of sufficient authority prevented them from getting anywhere.'' The Palestine Liberation Organization has consistently demanded international protection for Palestinians in the territories, and Israel agreed to the Hebron force to make possible a resumption of negotiations broken off by the PLO after the killings.
	Indeed, a number of observers argue that after a prolonged period in which oil fell like a stone in inflation-adjusted dollars, the critical factors which help to determine the price of a barrel of oil now suggest oil may get increasingly expensive for the rest of the decade.
	``Using a very reasonable set of assumptions, I can foresee several years of real price increases after 1995,'' said Vahan Zanoyan, senior director at the Petroleum Finance Company, a Washington, D.C.-based consulting firm.
Within a couple of years after showing up in the Great Lakes, the mussels began covering virtually everything in the water: boat hulls and props, docks and piers, rocky ledges and other mussels.
Near the bank, Jerry Olmsted hiked up his waders and trudged in after them.
If Caruso indeed leaves ``NYPD Blue'' -- a critically renowned show that received a record 26 Emmy nominations for its freshman season -- it would represent a rare instance of a star bolting from a show after just one year.
Chevy Chase departed ``Saturday Night Live'' after completing but a single season, returning for only a portion of a second year.
Two years after that, Powell was dead and his son remembers little more about him than the scent of his cigars.
Last Thursday night, from 500 to 2,000 fans at The Ballpark in Texas left their seats after Rangers' starter Brian Bohannon's first pitch at the urging of a local sports-talk radio station.
Adkins' ascent stems from having more time to train after college, and taking a scientific approach to his event.
The players are poised to strike after Thursday's games because they believe, with good reason, that if no agreement is reached by the end of the post-season, the owners will declare an impasse and unilaterally implement their coveted salary cap.
They could be three of the most exhilarating days of any season because races, division and individual, abound, and they should be viewed as being definitive; that is, after Thursday, there very likely won't be any chance to alter the outcome.
With so much on the line in the next few days, if the players did not strike or came back after striking, everything that happened afterward might be anticlimactic.
In short, after Monday's brief and meaningless bargaining session, no one had any suggestion that something would happen to keep the players playing after Thursday's games.
``We're getting questions about whether players should fly out after games Thursday or wait until Friday.
Shortly after that court ruling, the FDA banned most silicone-filled implants because of health risks, including immune system problems.
Those things turned out to be: ``The McLean Stevenson Show,'' which survived all of three months; ``Celebrity Challenge of the Sexes'' and ``In the Beginning,'' each of which died after a month; ``Hello Larry,'' which lasted a little more than a year; ``Condo,'' which had a four-month run; and ``Dirty Dancing,'' which expired in three months.
Ditto for Shelley Long, who has yet to do anything half as good as her work on ``Cheers.'' Harry Reasoner bailed on ``60 Minutes'' after two seasons for an anchor spot at ABC.
Don Knotts gave up the role of a lifetime when he prematurely retired Deputy Barney Fife on the much-beloved series ``The Andy Griffith Show.'' The ultimate sitcom second banana would try essentially the same part again 14 years later as Furley on the less-beloved ``Three's Company.'' Perhaps Pernell Roberts thought ``Bonanza'' had run its course when he rode off into the sunset after six seasons, but it survived eight more years quite nicely without him.
Prices, after tumbling over 20 percent this spring, rebounded 12 percent in July and industry analysts predict that prices could return to their 1994 highs, as demand is far outstripping supply.
And when 78-year-old Natalia Arzuaga walked off with a dozen, 68-year-old Obdureo Garcia called after her, ``Natalia, save one for me!'' The playfulness brought a ripple of nervous laughter.
Sex, after all, was not a topic these 40 or so older adults were used to discussing so publicly, in this case at the Eugenio Maria de Hostos Neighborhood Service Center as part of a program financed by local governments.
So what counts for the dollar is its value against the mark -- and, after that, everything else falls into place.
The 203-acre wildlife sanctuary was closed after Kauai was hit by Hurricane Iniki in September 1992.
	The National Trust of Britain has reopened two of its properties this summer after extensive refurbishment: Ham House, about 15 miles southwest of London, and Waddesdon Manor in Buckinghamshire, 40 miles southwest of London.
Mayor John DeStefano walked the streets of the neighborhood on Monday, talking to residents and merchants only hours after the attack in the Koffee cafe had spilled out onto Audubon Street, a block of studios, galleries, shops and condominiums between downtown New Haven and the Yale campus.
The Bresnicks were fortunate enough to be able to go home after being treated for their injuries.
They fled the capital when the American staff left, soon after April 6, the start of the civil war and of the massacres that killed uncounted thousands.
They fled in fear of the Rwandan Patriotic Front, the victorious rebel army, made up largely of the rival Tutsi tribe whose members were annihilated by Hutu militias after the start of civil war in April.
They note that the U.N. troops who were in the country in April did little to stop the massacres and that the bulk of the U.N. forces pulled out after several Belgians were killed.
On July 28, after the conclusion of these exercises, for instance, gunmen took over a bus near the southern Russia spa town of Mineralnye Vody -- the fourth time since December that hostages had been seized there.
To disarm critics, the administration would exempt welfare mothers until their first child is a year old, and give them three months off after the birth of any other children.
Among other provisions, it does guarantee child care while mothers are on welfare and for one year after they find work.
With the income limits on day care, the system just throws you out.'' Welfare mothers would also have to contend with a time limit if the Clinton proposal were adopted: They would have two years to find jobs, after which welfare benefits would end.
Things got even worse after Kim Il Sung died on July 8.
Kennedy, D-Mass., looking on -- awarded the late union activist and founder of the United Farm Workers of America union with the nation's highest civilian honor, the Medal of Freedom, calling Chavez ``an inspiration to us all.'' Chavez' widow, Helen, accepted the star-shaped blue-and-gold medallion for her late husband, who died last year at the age of 66, hours after ending a final, six-day hunger strike for better working conditions for the nation's migrant farm workers.
In 1988, Chavez nearly died after a 36-day fast to protest what he claimed were cancer-causing pesticides on California grapes.
Peres met with Christopher on Monday at a border opening ceremony in the Jordanian port city of Aqaba, a day after Christopher visited Damascus to see President Hafez Assad.
Seven months after Steven Daniel Seeley's birth, the 30-year-old father still marvels at his youngest child.
Northridge Hospital Medical Center's fifth-floor neonatal intensive care unit, which underwent major reconstruction after the quake, since has reopened.
Seven months after Steven Daniel Seeley's birth, the 30-year-old father still marvels at his youngest child.
``Using a very reasonable set of assumptions, I can foresee several years of price increases after 1995,'' said Vahan Zanoyan, senior director at Petroleum Finance Co., a consulting firm based in Washington.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) In its most recent forecast, the Paris-based International Energy Agency said last week that petroleum demand would rise by 1.2 million barrels a day next year, after increasing by 800,000 barrels a day in 1994.
But after accounting for inflation, crude oil today is selling for less than half of its average 1983 price.
Northridge Hospital Medical Center's fifth-floor neonatal intensive care unit, which underwent major reconstruction after the quake, since has reopened.
This is convertible at the option of its holders into 10 million shares of the class A common stock and is redeemable by Tele-Communications after five years.
Sniping in Sarajevo dropped off markedly on Monday after U.N. peacekeepers began a campaign to root out gunmen in bombed-out, front-line buildings.
IT'S BASEBALL ON ICE: NHL NEGOTIATIONS BOGGED DOWN, TOO  (BC-HKN-LABOR-NYT) After a five-month hiatus, negotiations are set to resume next week on a new collective bargaining agreement for the National Hockey League, but only after the league adopted a tough new labor stance.
The fund industry says it is eager to look after itself rather than have regulators do it.
Laura Young of Opera America traces the history of opera in American prisons to just after World War I, when the touring Metropolitan Opera held a recital starring Enrico Caruso and Geraldine Farrar at the Atlanta Federal Penitentiary.
Yet, medical experts say the mystery may not be solved after all.
Senior Indian officials said that the two moves reflected the dilemma that faces the government of Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao after four years of insurgency by Muslim militants in Kashmir.
Muslims thronged the streets around the mosque and marched in celebration through Srinagar after senior Indian officials joined Muslim religious leaders in ceremonies that reopened the mosque to worshippers.
The mosque was the scene of a tense standoff last fall after Indian troops surrounded it, asserting that militant Muslim leaders had taken refuge in the shrine and built up a large arms cache there.
MISTREATMENT OF STOWAWAYS INVESTIGATED NEW YORK  (BC-NY-STOWAWAYS-NYT) Immigration officials said Monday that they were examining allegations that six young stowaways from the Dominican Republic were beaten and subjected to forced labor last week after being discovered aboard an Estonian freighter bound for New York.
But an American agent for the Estonian government, which owns the 420-foot freighter, the Narva, denied the allegations and said that the stowaways -- the third group this year on the same ship -- had been found ragged, gaunt and hungry on a 1,800-mile voyage from Santo Domingo and that the captain, after reporting their discovery to the authorities in Estonia, had followed instructions to treat them humanely.
The charges were made by the stowaways Sunday after three of the six jumped into the Atlantic from the ship's anchorage outside New York Harbor and began swimming toward the Rockaways, five miles away.
The agreement was announced by John Shattuck, the assistant secretary of state for democracy, human rights and labor, in a telephone interview from Bujumbura, Burundi, where he arrived on Monday evening after concluding the agreement in the Rwandan capital, Kigali.
In a letter on Monday to Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali, Nkubito pledged to cooperate with an international tribunal and to ``make every effort to prevent summary executions and other acts of vigilante justice.'' The war-crimes tribunal, if approved by the Security Council, will be only the second one set up just after World War II; the first was a tribunal to try those accused of war crimes in the former Yugoslavia.
Other differences in coaching philosophies should become apparent quickly after the Rangers open camp.
Giordano, after winning with a royal flush.
Their real passion, however, is for poker, and twice a week they play in someone's house -- after church on Sundays at Mrs.
Other varieties are ``Follow the Queen,'' in which queens are wild and so is the next card that is dealt after a queen, and ``Power,'' where the low card in each player's hand is wild for that player.
One day Miss Karsch came in flustered after seeing the movie ``The Piano'' on pay-per-view television.
Although Congress is hurrying to finish work on health care legislation and a major crime bill, sponsors of the wire-tapping legislation hope it can move quickly through the House and Senate after the Labor Day recess because much negotiation and deal-making have already taken place.
``We'll deal with this promptly after the recess and get it to the floor by mid-September,'' said one of its sponsors, Rep.
Telephone industry officials said they would wait to comment on the wiretapping bills until after they had been introduced.
Meanwhile, U.S. coach Don Nelson rewarded his players with a day off after their 105-82 victory over Brazil on Sunday, giving them a three-game sweep of the first round.
The Dow Jones industrial average climbed 6.79 to 3,753.81, after losing 51.15 points in the last four days.
The statement released on Monday by the Pentagon and the CIA, after very briefly describing the office's mission, noted that ``no other information about the NRO or this project has been declassified.'' The organization's director, Jeffrey Harris, issued no statement; no sitting director of the NRO ever has.
``Is this a project conceived during the Cold War, which was not awakened by the realities of the change that followed after the Cold War?'' he asked.
``And was there a reasonable basis to scale down, as a consequence of the ending of the Cold War -- many of the things that were probably fully justified in terms of space and cost say three or four years ago, but questionable today?'' Monday's disclosures came after the Senate intelligence committee determined how costly and how large the building really was -- its best guess had been well under $200 million -- and decided that its size far exceeded the reconnaissance office's needs, said Sen.
It is almost certain to be still going on after the House debate, scheduled for Aug.
``We are not calculating that we will only take it up after the Senate votes, or that we will switch signals somehow if the Senate takes some action or other,'' Foley said.
But privately, there was division between political advisers who thought that Starr's appointment should not go unchallenged and other aides who thought that in terms of legal strategy it would be a mistake to take on Starr so soon after his appointment.
The judicial panel acted after a group of conservative lawmakers, led by Sen.
Although there is no such thing as a typical immigrant, Kennedy Elohim, who was named after the late U.S. president, comes pretty close.
His father had come to the Bay Area in the early 1950s, and in 1991, after graduating from high school, Elohim came to join him.
The Senate should, instead, tax high-cost plans, after making allowances for plans that enroll large numbers of elderly or chronically ill patients.
Separately, Borland confirmed that its appeal in the widely watched copyright battle with Lotus will have to be reheard because Judge Stephen Breyer withdrew from the case after being named to the Supreme Court.
In June four people drowned after their boat sank in Smithtown Bay and a 17-year-old riding a jet ski was killed when he was struck by a boat in Great South Bay.
``We want to see our Canadian fans get crazy and excited about our team.'' Unfortunately, Shields' desire goes against every fiber of Canadian being, which says that craziness shall be dispensed only for the ritual lighting of the red lamp after men named Jean slam the biscuit between the pipes.
You'll screw everything up,' and then the doctors come in after them and say `That's nonsense.
The suit comes three weeks after the Justice Department's antitrust division approved the merger with only a few minor conditions.
Because little new construction is expected any time soon in Manhattan, ``large users are looking for alternatives.'' The search by Equitable and Swiss Bank, which together have more than 4,000 employees in New York City, comes less than three weeks after another large Manhattan company, Mastercard, said it was looking for a suburban building for its headquarters and 540 employees.
Rawlins' body was discovered three days later by family members, and an arrest for his murder was made three days after that.
But the system will not be in place until June of next year, six years after it was first proposed, said Michael Farrell, the deputy commissioner for policy and planning for the police department.
The day after the fire in SoHo, in which officers were fatally burned by exploding gasses in a flashover, Mayor Rudolph Giuliani said that he would outfit the entire department in bunker gear, which stands up to intense heat and covers more than the protective clothing firefighters had previously worn.
	The agency, Harrison added, is ``going from a departmental structure to something that is streamlined into small service groups, which is not why I came here.'' 	Harrison, 54, joined Reiman in September after 15 years at D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles in New York, where he was a senior vice president, managing partner and creative director.
When the jury announced its verdict after a six-week trial, Alphonse Persico, 40, strode from the courthouse without comment, free for the first time in eight years.
Monday night, one day after their greatest international victory ever, the Chinese were crushed by Croatia, 105-73, in its maiden adventure into the second round of a tournament it has often qualified for only because the competition in Asia is next to none.
But after falling behind by 2-1, Jackson was victimized by his teammates' poor fielding in the seventh, when the Mets took a two-run lead.
But Jackson was lifted in the bottom of the inning for Ricky Jordan, a pinch-hitter, with one out and Mike Lieberthal at second after a Bobby Bonilla error an a ground-out by Kevin Stocker.
The most valuable player in the National League Championship Series last October, Schilling is 1-8 after undergoing both elbow and knee surgery this season -- Bobby Bonilla's error was his 18th of the season.
It is almost certain to be still going on after the House debate, scheduled for Aug.
``We are not calculating that we will only take it up after the Senate votes, or that we will switch signals somehow if the Senate takes some action or other,'' Foley said.
The last judicial emergency called in Los Angeles County came after the Los Angeles riots in 1992.
``Some people had second thoughts after receiving the checks -- they thought better of it and sent the money back,'' Thune said.
OPTIONAL ADD FOLLOWS.) For a handful of the 400,000 applicants who have received $990.2 million in disaster aid, the return of checks has been forced: Denise Jones gave back her $2,300 FEMA check -- but only after she was arrested on suspicion of claiming on an application that she had lived at Northridge Meadows when the apartment complex collapsed and killed 16 people.
``And even if you have cashed the check -- send FEMA a check for whatever the amount.'' No one has been prosecuted after returning money that they received illegally, and that would probably be the case with other people who send back their ill-gotten gains, Newhouse said.
Steve Howe (3-0) earned the victory, after retiring the Orioles in the 11th.
After the Orioles scored in the top of the 10th on a double by Rafael Palmeiro and a single by Leo Gomez off Bob Wickman, the Yankees tied the game in the bottom half and nearly won it, after loading the bases with one out.
Benitez struck out O'Neill swinging after O'Neill had been inserted to pinch-hit for Gerald Williams.
Trailing, 4-0, after two innings, the Yankees embarked upon a gradual comeback, getting the tying run in the sixth inning when a run-scoring double by Gerald Williams into the left-field corner chased Mattingly home and Sid Fernandez from the mound.
Tartabull scored after singling to left.
Gerald Williams scored from first base after reaching on a walk.
Kelly walked after Gallego's double, eliciting Sid Fernandez's first mound conference.
WORRELL, LASORDA LOSE COOL AFTER DODGERS' LOSS DENVER  (BC-BBN-DODGERS-LADN) Dodgers reliever Todd Worrell lashed out at reporters Monday after failing to hold a three-run lead in the bottom of ninth inning and losing a 7-6 game to the Colorado Rockies.
Manager Tom Lasorda also was angry after reporters peppered him with questions about why Worrell was even in the game.
Charlie Hayes had the game-winning hit Monday against Jim Gott, singling to left to score pinch-runner Ellis Burks, after Danny Sheaffer's two-run double off Worrell tied the game.
``You don't know s--- about baseball.'' Lasorda resorted to a similar charge when asked why right-hander Rudy Seanez, who has not allowed a run in eight appearances spanning 10 innings, was not left in to start the ninth after pitching a scoreless eighth.
WORRELL, LASORDA LOSE COOL AFTER DODGERS' LOSS DENVER  (BC-BBN-DODGERS-LADN) Dodgers reliever Todd Worrell lashed out at reporters Monday after failing to hold a three-run lead in the bottom of ninth inning and losing a 7-6 game to the Colorado Rockies.
Manager Tom Lasorda also was angry after reporters peppered him with questions about why Worrell was even in the game.
Charlie Hayes had the game-winning hit Monday against Jim Gott, singling to left to score pinch-runner Ellis Burks, after Danny Sheaffer's two-run double off Worrell tied the game.
``You don't know s--- about baseball.'' Lasorda resorted to a similar charge when asked why right-hander Rudy Seanez, who has not allowed a run in eight appearances spanning 10 innings, was not left in to start the ninth after pitching a scoreless eighth.
WORRELL, LASORDA LOSE COOL AFTER DODGERS' LOSS DENVER  (BC-BBN-DODGERS-LADN) Dodgers reliever Todd Worrell lashed out at reporters Monday after failing to hold a three-run lead in the bottom of ninth inning and losing a 7-6 game to the Colorado Rockies.
Manager Tom Lasorda also was angry after reporters peppered him with questions about why Worrell was even in the game.
Charlie Hayes had the game-winning hit Monday against Jim Gott, singling to left to score pinch-runner Ellis Burks, after Danny Sheaffer's two-run double off Worrell tied the game.
``You don't know s--- about baseball.'' Lasorda resorted to a similar charge when asked why right-hander Rudy Seanez, who has not allowed a run in eight appearances spanning 10 innings, was not left in to start the ninth after pitching a scoreless eighth.
WORRELL, LASORDA LOSE COOL AFTER DODGERS' LOSS DENVER  (BC-BBN-DODGERS-LADN) Dodgers reliever Todd Worrell lashed out at reporters Monday after failing to hold a three-run lead in the bottom of ninth inning and losing a 7-6 game to the Colorado Rockies.
Manager Tom Lasorda also was angry after reporters peppered him with questions about why Worrell was even in the game.
Charlie Hayes had the game-winning hit Monday against Jim Gott, singling to left to score pinch-runner Ellis Burks, after Danny Sheaffer's two-run double off Worrell tied the game.
``You don't know s--- about baseball.'' Lasorda resorted to a similar charge when asked why right-hander Rudy Seanez, who has not allowed a run in eight appearances spanning 10 innings, was not left in to start the ninth after pitching a scoreless eighth.
I'm sure there would be things we would be discussing differently.'' Kennedy suggested that moves will be made (or at least attempted) after the labor dispute is resolved.
But they also left eight runners on base and got just one run in the third after getting the bases loaded with no outs.
``We need to press them on taking action after the reassessment is completed,'' says deFur, ``and not argue about how deadly dioxin is.
``The Dodgers have already clinched, but we want to come as close as we can should we come back and play more.'' The Giants were full of happy faces after the game because they didn't roll over after being down, 4-1, in the seventh inning.
It was his second pinch-hit homer of the season, two weeks after his first one.
``It's difficult to lose six in a row, especially after coming back from 9 1/2 back.'' Baker doesn't know if Wednesday's game with the Cubs will be the last of 1994.
And yet, as Joan Brady writes, the practice was not uncommon in the years after the Civil War.
But Brady soon found that documentary and archival material was scarce, and after she had accumulated no more than two pages of notes she knew the story had to be told as a novel.
Its 54-year-old author, who has lived in England for 20 years, began writing ``Theory of War'' in the early '80s, set it aside for several years while she nursed and then buried her husband, and took it up again after his death.
Particularly effective is a Bogota ambush scene, where Ryan gets out from behind his desk and into the crosshairs of the bad guys' bazookas soon after he touches down in South America.
But when the show proved to be no precious metal, folding in New York after a month, Sommers was soon back singing with Severinsen.
She returned to Los Angeles and married a longtime boyfriend, but that show closed after a six-month run.
 (BC-WEDOWEE-COX) In a move to relieve racial tensions after the high school burned, Wedowee Mayor Terry Graham says the city is rescinding an ordinance requiring a $50 fee and 10 days' notice for public marches.
Even after he tried to wrestle a camera from a black Birmingham TV photographer during the fire, Sheriff Larry Colley defended him.
Contrary to some published accounts, Anderson recalls having to perform after a blistering, career-making set from Santana, not before.
When they struck up I thought: `Jesus, we've got to go on after these guys!' They were great.
That was a bad management decision, I think.'' Anderson left Hartley in 1971 after recording four albums with the group.
``You can't express it,'' he says after a moment.
With the war heating up in those first weeks after D-Day, Eglin was making night bombing runs, using live bombs.
The only official word had been given to newspapers just after the bombing: ``Some of the bombs hit within the target area.
It is believed at this time that the cause of the accident was the failure of a mechanical device for the releasing of the bombs and that several bombs hung on the device after the release had been made, thereby carrying the bombs beyond the target and finally releasing near the property of the victims resulting in severe damage.'' The bomb release worked on simple gravity.
Immediately after the attack, the four Cosson sons who were in the military pressed for information.
Payments for the dead had been cut from $10,000 to $5,000 after acting Secretary of War Robert P.
Bob Sikes, D-Crestview, whose district included DeFuniak Springs and who had helped push through the original payment just after the accident, began working for more.
But after three years (of trying to get funding), we took 12 kids in the river watch and went to Russia.
Students, who were chosen after a rigorous selection process (which included learning some of the Russian language), spent five days getting acquainted with their host families and teaching their Russian counterparts how to use water quality test kits.
Jacksonville has long identified with the Saratoga, which has been based at the nearby Mayport Naval Station since the flattop was launched in 1955, the second ship built for the Navy after World War II.
It was from Jacksonville that the Saratoga sailed on more than 20 tours of duty, and to which it returned after several months at sea -- sometimes during peace, sometimes during war.
Earle Mauldin, BellSouth's chief financial officer, reaffirmed that belief just after the failure of the Paramount deal, saying: ``We believe in owning content.'' Besides what Disney furnishes, the venture also would buy other programs and create its own.
Christian Relief Services of Alexandria, Va., has 190 tons of supplies -- enough to fill four Boeing 747s -- which will be delivered after Laws, Artis and Campbell return.
Much of that money went into a salary spiral that continued unabated in 1992 and 1993, long after the owners realized their TV money stream ($14.4 million per team per year) was about to end.
A three-judge federal appellate panel, acting under the recently revived special-prosecutor law, replaced special counsel Robert Fiske after Republicans in Congress, who had greeted his appointment with enthusiasm, turned on him.
And Fiske disappointed the GOP fringe by deciding Vincent Foster really did kill himself, rather than being murdered, as the fringe loves to believe, by Hillary Clinton after a tryst at some secret love nest.
-- August 9, 1994 -- CRUISE-FASHION , 8-8 -- There is a need for cheerful styles in the stores in November, before spring clothes arrive and after fall stocks have been thinned.
-- August 9, 1994 -- CRUISE-FASHION , 8-8 -- There is a need for cheerful styles in the stores in November, before spring clothes arrive and after fall stocks have been thinned.
-- August 9, 1994 -- CRUISE-FASHION , 8-8 -- There is a need for cheerful styles in the stores in November, before spring clothes arrive and after fall stocks have been thinned.
I now fear that the inn-mates may wish to drum me out of the roll call after this put-down of their sainted Wister, himself a Philadelphia aristocrat and grandson of Fanny Kemble ...
But after accepting an invitation to play ball on the night the program started, his life slowly began to turn around.
Thomas said his personal troubles started after he quit high school.
But after accepting an invitation to play ball on the night the program started, his life slowly began to turn around.
Thomas said his personal troubles started after he quit high school.
In test tube studies, breast cancer cells died after a few days in the blood plasma of three women who had cosmetic breast implants.
New Jersey's lawmakers started pushing the one-call legislation after the big March 23 explosion on Texas Eastern's line in Edison, N.J. The blast attracted widespread attention, producing a fireball visible in the New York media market.
Explosive fiction There's an amazing magazine article making the rounds of the natural gas industry lobbyists in Washington these days: A lobbyist was murdered by a ruthless gas company executive after the lobbyist uncovered a plot to blow up a pipeline compressor station.
New Jersey's lawmakers started pushing the one-call legislation after the big March 23 explosion on Texas Eastern's line in Edison, N.J. The blast attracted widespread attention, producing a fireball visible in the New York media market.
Explosive fiction There's an amazing magazine article making the rounds of the natural gas industry lobbyists in Washington these days: A lobbyist was murdered by a ruthless gas company executive after the lobbyist uncovered a plot to blow up a pipeline compressor station.
Despite equal opportunity legislation, job advertisements frequently specify ``recruiting men only.'' But the Japanese woman has her power: when the ``serious'' male employee gets married, he will give her his salary every month, and she will give him a daily allowance for his lunch, cigarettes and a drink after work if he is lucky.
Despite equal opportunity legislation, job advertisements frequently specify ``recruiting men only.'' But the Japanese woman has her power: when the ``serious'' male employee gets married, he will give her his salary every month, and she will give him a daily allowance for his lunch, cigarettes and a drink after work if he is lucky.
Only a few months after a Florida school board pushed the notion of America the Superior, one of the state's home boys demonstrated just how low we can go.
Hours after a doctor and his volunteer bodyguard were slain outside an abortion clinic, the talk shows were abuzz with disclaimers.
She recently returned to the United States after living in Germany for two years and will be traveling across the country for the next few months.
I asked Shirley where the essence of Beverly Hills is today, and after a thoughtful pause, she said, ``Barney's.'' ``Barney's?'' I said.
Four decades after China's ``peaceful liberation'' of Tibet, Peking's propaganda machine hopes that the Potala renovations will improve its dismal international human rights image.
Four decades after China's ``peaceful liberation'' of Tibet, Peking's propaganda machine hopes that the Potala renovations will improve its dismal international human rights image.
The failure-to-pay penalty is one-half of 1 percent of your unpaid taxes for each month or part of a month after the due date that the tax isn't paid.
I left Woodstock about 16 hours after it started and felt as if I had gone over the Berlin Wall.
To say you were there, 25 years after the fact, still earns you a kind of badge of honor.
If I had been on any kind of drug (stronger than the oregano-grade of grass my friends and I brought to the festival), I probably wouldn't have left Woodstock 16 hours after I got there.
In a related development, Dataquest, a market research firm based in San Jose, Calif., said its survey of 300 home computer buyers showed that reference software and games were their favorite titles for new home PCs. ``Games are clearly the hot ticket opportunity after the hardware purchase,'' said Dataquest analyst Bruce Ryon.
	United Nations officials announced Tuesday that Bosnian Army forces are on the verge of winning their most-significant victory ever after routing the main body of a pro-Serb, rebel-Muslim militia under the command of Fikret Abdic, a businessman and underworld figure who last year mounted an insurgency in a northwestern Bosnian enclave named after its main town, Bihac.
	United Nations officials announced Tuesday that Bosnian Army forces are on the verge of winning their most-significant victory ever after routing the main body of a pro-Serb, rebel-Muslim militia under the command of Fikret Abdic, a businessman and underworld figure who last year mounted an insurgency in a northwestern Bosnian enclave named after its main town, Bihac.
If anything causes pain, stop doing it right away, but muscle soreness the day after a workout is to be expected, especially if you are a beginner or have just increased the weights you are using.
NOW PLAYING TO DROOLING REVIEWS: CHINESE HAUTE CUISINE NEW YORK  (BC-MOVIE-HUNGRIES-NYT) Leaving the theater after viewing ``Eat Drink Man Woman,'' movie-goers seem both ravished and famished, presented with a terrible and immediate dilemma: where and what to eat?
The voices stopped only after she was hospitalized for schizophrenia and given antipsychotic medication.
But after she returned home, she stopped taking her medication, saying she no longer felt sick.
``Now she's been well for a year and a half after leaving the hospital.'' Dr. Weiden, chief of the Schizophrenic Disorders Unit at St. Luke's-Roosevelt Hospital in Manhattan, is at the vanguard of a movement that is reviving an old idea: giving schizophrenic patients their medication in the form of injections that last 30 days, instead of relying on the patients to take daily pills.
The result when I followed their directions was published in the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists in 1959 -- in a book review printed only after much editorial discussion.
And no one understood radioactivity, or I would never have been allowed to wander Nagasaki's devastated streets less than a month after the explosion.
She moved to New York not long after that, driving a cab and doing other odd jobs before landing a column in Andy Warhol's magazine, Interview.
``This is the last chapter,'' Catterson said after the sentencing.
Nussbaum in early March, has won general praise for helping the White House find its feet after months of battering over Whitewater.
	MIAMI (NYT) -- The Coast Guard Tuesday intercepted a group of 27 Cubans who fled their country after allegedly hijacking a government boat and killing a Cuban navy lieutenant, according to Cuban diplomats, who demanded that the United States bring the refugees to justice.
	The Coast Guard Cutter Monhegan picked up the men, women and children 60 miles southwest of Key West, Fla., after the 50-foot cargo ship was spotted by volunteer civilian pilots who search the Florida Straits for Cuban refugees, said Petty Officer Jeff Hall, a Coast Guard spokesman in Miami.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) There is no question that after two games Brown is leading Graham.
Is it fair to Graham that after he got just one start, the coach all but declares the competition over?
We'll wait and see how things work out.'' When asked if he thought the competition had been fair up to this point, he responded, ``So far, yeah.'' Brown will get the start this weekend after Graham worked with the first team for the last game, against the Browns.
``And submarines may well be like that.'' His remarks contrast with statements he made on May 4 after President Clinton named him as the 25th chief of naval operations, the service's top officer.
Boorda said Tuesday, ``We will put women in ships where we can provide privacy for both men and women.'' He said a decision on whether to assign women to subs will come after an internal Pentagon study is completed, probably next April.
``I had an interest after I got saved to spread the good news,'' Kiger said.
Ryan became a bloodstock agent after migrating to the United States 20 years ago by way of Canada, where he worked for E.P. Taylor's Windfield Farm.
Most days, shortly after breakfast, she brings out the flash cards.
The review was undertaken after reports last year of fund managers investing privately in deals promoted by a broker from whom they had bought stocks for their funds.
(Will move in the ``f'' financial news file and in the ``n'' California news file.) QUAKE-ASBESTOS (Los Angeles) -- For Bob and Susie Nusbaum, the most frightening moment of the Northridge Earthquake came six months after the shaking stopped.
The investment has been a disaster: The stock, which traded as high as $12 a share last summer, collapsed to barely $4 a share in March, after the company disclosed that it was investigating accusations of dishonest dealings by its founder.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) (MORE) But even with such a disclosure, he said, the manager may have exposed his fund's assets to lawsuits by people who lost money after buying the shares sold by the fund.
``Other people read the 10-K's for us,'' Thieme said of his investment in Work Recovery Inc., a company whose public filing said it had been defrauded after seeking loans through shady financiers.
Even that regulatory scrutiny is being investigated, after a staff member of the British Columbia Securities Commission resigned in January complaining that Rare Earth and Cycomm had been improperly allowed to trade, despite staff objections.
The fund industry says it is eager to look after itself rather than have regulators do it.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Other bills in the package would increase the sentence for aggravated sexual assault on someone 16 years or younger to 30 years to life from the current penalty of 10 to 20 years; allow the involuntary commitment to a psychiatric hospital of sexual offenders deemed dangerous even after they serve their maximum prison sentence, and make the murder of a child a crime punishable by death.
Whitman said her administration has prepared a bill on sex offender registration that would require anyone released after serving a sentence for a sex crime to register with the police department of the town where he moves, or the state police, if the town has no police force.
``Every night, after the show, the writers would go back to the Ritz Carlton and...'' ``...Get drunk, I think,'' Mecchi said.
IT'S FINALLY OFFICIAL: SNYDER TO FOLLOW LETTERMAN ON CBS  (BC-TV-SNYDER-CBS-NYT) CBS and David Letterman made it official Tuesday: Starting next winter, at 12:35 a.m. on weeknights, immediately after ``Late Show with David Letterman,'' will be ``Late, Late Show with Tom Snyder.'' The selection of Snyder, the talk-show veteran who had his biggest impact on late-night television in the 1970s on NBC, was made long ago.
(Larry is played by the real-life comedian Garry Shandling, who, in yet another head-snapping twist, was CBS's first choice to do the show after Letterman's.) When Larry asked Letterman whom he was going to pick to follow him on CBS, Letterman said, ``Tom Snyder.'' Later in the episode, Larry himself hired Snyder in order to thwart Letterman, only to wonder whether Letterman had been pulling his leg.
(Nobody told me this specifically, but it is a well-known fact that all hockey people go to cabins on lakes in August.) Neil Smith, the general manager of the Rangers, made a rather pointed mention of Campbell's ``team and family orientation'' -- no doubt a reflection on the last coach, Travelin' Mike Keenan, who walked out after the Rangers had won the Stanley Cup for the first time in 54 years.
But eventually he wound up disagreeing with his partner, and after three years he sold out.
On Thanksgiving Day in 1977, 50 days after the opening and his first day off, an electrical fire destroyed the restaurant.
The Senate is expected to pass the measure after the House acts.
Nussbaum in early March, has won general praise for helping the White House find its feet after months of battering over Whitewater.
Aides to Clinton have said for months that he hoped to find a permanent counsel whose experience in Washington might help him to avoid the kinds of mistakes made by Nussbaum, a combative New Yorker who resigned after his role in the meetings between the White House and Treasury Department over the Whitewater investigation came to light.
He was 32nd at the Masters, missed the cut at the U.S. Open and fought his way to a tie for eighth at the British Open after an opening 75 that included a penalty for hitting the wrong ball.
Given the experiences of other small towns that have served as locations for movies like ``A River Runs Through It'' (Bozeman, Mont.) and ``Field of Dreams'' (Dyersville, Iowa), Winterset can only hope that tourists will come with cameras, maps and money long after the production's last Winnebago has fled down Route 169.
The most popular attraction is the ball field itself, the subject of some contention after the film wrapped.
``I'll tell you what,'' he said cagily, ``the mere fact that they're doing the movie isn't going to hurt me any.'' Indeed, the first two weeks after opening his shop, Wilson's guest book boasted hundreds of names.
According to Riley, after ``Deliverance'' was released in 1972, the film fostered a flourishing raft and expedition business in Rayburn County, Ga., where it was filmed.
``Then, after a while, they start getting ticked off.
The historian said in an interview after the seminar that, according to Soviet intelligence reports in the Russian archives, U.S. officials promised that the Saudi royal family would not suffer the same fate as the shah of Iran.
Simpson from the same hospital in which she was treated in 1989 after Simpson beat her, according to police records.
The issue is quite likely to be decided eventually by the Supreme Court, after an appeals process that could take another year or two.
Friday, after the third hijacking, Cubans who had gathered at the harbor on the rumor that another boat would be leaving for the United States clashed with police.
FOR FRANCE, ALGERIA IS BOTH A DOMESTIC AND A FOREIGN POLICY PROBLEM PARIS  (BC-FRANCE-ALGERIA-ASSESS-NYT) For Algeria's besieged army-backed government, France's arrest of 17 sympathizers of the Islamic Salvation Front after the killing of five French citizens in Algeria last week represented a rare expression of foreign support for its battle against Muslim fundamentalism.
The government felt it had no choice but to show firmness after the killing of its five citizens last week, but the military arm of the Islamic Salvation Front promptly denounced the arrests as ``a declaration of war'' and threatened reprisals if the 17 detainees were not soon freed.
The conflict erupted in January 1992 after the Algiers government canceled a second round of legislative elections that seemed likely to bring the Islamic Salvation Front, now outlawed, to power.
A decree issued by the Justice Ministry after the Aug.
He was found guilty of the crime in 1992 after organizing a meeting in Weinheim where he translated and embellished a speech casting doubt on the historical fact of the Holocaust by an American skeptic, Fred A.
``It is to be expected that the accused will stay on the right side of the law in future simply by virtue of his conviction.'' The judges said that Deckert was not an anti-Semite in the racist Nazi sense, but a nationalist who bitterly resented the financial, political, and moral demands that Jews continued to make on Germany 50 years after World War II.
``We are also not unmindful of the difficult circumstances of the accused, who had to give up his much-loved profession as a teacher after a long and successful career,'' the judges said.
Of particular interest here are studies of a seemingly mysterious group, representing about 5 to 10 percent of those infected with HIV, who have been able to live for 12 years or longer after infection while remaining healthy.
They do not cure the disease and lose their effectiveness after a year or two as the virus develops resistance to the treatment.
There is evidence now that at some stage after infection with the AIDS virus, the immune system goes into overdrive, which can also be harmful.
An effort to disclose the bottom line for intelligence spending was defeated last month in the House after the White House opposed it.
``He wanted to declassify it after an 18-month review,'' Kerrey said of the CIA chief.
Four patients came into this clinic on Friday with gunshot wounds after a Zairian soldier shot and killed a Rwandan refugee and wounded others.
``I brought Colin Campbell in as a player, then I made him an assistant coach,'' Devellano said in a telephone interview after Tuesday's news conference.
Campbell, Messier, Nedved and the whole revamped cast of characters will regroup shortly after Labor Day, when the 1994-95 Rangers arrive for training camp.
 (BC-VIRGINIA-POLITICS-2NDTAKE-NYT) A lifelong Democrat until he entered the race as an independent, Wilder, the nation's first elected black governor, saw his popularity tumble when he made a quixotic bid for the 1992 presidential nomination little more than a year after he became governor.
That turn of events would not be implausible given that Robb is viewed as one of the most endangered incumbents this year after disclosures about a marital indiscretion strained his credibility.
Some were going to permanent jobs after graduation, but most planned two or four years of college first.
Most important, the foundation's sponsoring groups offer internships for students after their junior years -- jobs from which students can learn about the profession, not just the use of a copying machine.
 (BC-VIRGINIA-POLITICS-2NDTAKE-NYT) A lifelong Democrat until he entered the race as an independent, Wilder, the nation's first elected black governor, saw his popularity tumble when he made a quixotic bid for the 1992 presidential nomination little more than a year after he became governor.
That turn of events would not be implausible given that Robb is viewed as one of the most endangered incumbents this year after disclosures about a marital indiscretion strained his credibility.
Some were going to permanent jobs after graduation, but most planned two or four years of college first.
Most important, the foundation's sponsoring groups offer internships for students after their junior years -- jobs from which students can learn about the profession, not just the use of a copying machine.
Over the decades after World War II in which Mexico was almost a one-party state, many people came to believe their ballots were only theoretically secret.
Pollsters often describe the practical legacy of this past as ``the Nicaragua effect,'' after the failure of their counterparts there to accurately gauge the depth of voter opposition to the Sandinista government before its election defeat by President Violeta Barrios de Chamorro in 1990.
During his five-day trip to the Middle East -- his fourth in three months -- Christopher carried some new Israeli ideas to Damascus and, after meeting with Assad, conveyed some of the Syrian leader's latest thinking to Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin.
LOS ANGELES IS PLAGUED BY GHOST TOWNS CAUSED BY QUAKE LOS ANGELES  (BC-CALIF-QUAKE-AFTERMATH-ART-720-(2TAKES)-NYT) In one abandoned apartment after another along Hubbard Street in Sylmar, wall calendars are open to January, when normal life came to a halt.
30 edition of The Los Angeles Daily News, evidently brought in by squatters, carries the headline: ``The Northridge Earthquake: Some Hard Lessons in Survival.'' Nearly seven months after the quake, Los Angeles is still plagued by single blocks or entire neighborhoods of these vacant, damaged buildings, populated by squatters, drug addicts and gangs, as they await demolition or repair.
While right after the quake there were 50,200 vacant housing units citywide, that number is now down to 19,400 vacant units.
Though business was not so bad right after the quake, he said, many people have since moved.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) One vacant store on Ventura Boulevard belonged to Leo Shahinian, who lost his men's clothing stop after business dropped 40 percent.
At the end of July, the Federal Emergency Management Agency had received 606,643 applications for assistance, said Marty Zucker, a spokesman for the agency; that surpassed the 304,000 applications filed after Hurricane Hugo in 1989, the previous record.
PLAYER PANIC RUMORS DISCOUNTED BY FEHR  (BC-BBO-LABOR-NYT) As baseball's players and club owners inched closer to a seemingly unstoppable work stoppage after Thursday's games, ghosts of the 50-day players' strike of 1981 surfaced Tuesday.
According to word emanating from some clubs, owners are saying they have been told that once the players strike, they will come back after missing their second paycheck.
When they did anyway, Grebey assured the owners that the players would come back after they missed their first paycheck.
The strike ended 50 days later -- after the owners' strike insurance ran out.
This strike is scheduled to begin after Thursday's games.
DEMOCRATIC CHAIRMAN TO STEP DOWN AFTER FALL ELECTIONS WASHINGTON  (BC-DEMOCRATS-SHAKEUP-375&ADD-NYT) In another sign of Democratic disarray as the party enters a difficult electoral season, the party chairman, David Wilhelm, disclosed Tuesday that he would step down after the voting in November and that at the insistence of the White House he would play a limited role until then.
He joined it after resigning from the House in June 1989 rather than face an ethics investigation centering on a questionable $100,000 junk-bond deal that he had failed to report on either the financial disclosure statement required of federal officials or his income tax return.
He is unlikely to be named party chairman after Wilhelm's departure, White House officials said, but he will probably be heavily involved in Clinton's re-election campaign in 1996.
U.N. officials announced on Tuesday that forces of the Muslim-led Bosnian government were on the verge of winning their most significant victory of the war after routing the main body of a pro-Serbian Muslim militia.
Under the command of Fikret Abdic, a businessman and underworld figure, the militia has held a northwestern Bosnian enclave named after its main town, Bihac.
They became crazily overvalued, and after a series of market and corporate disappointments, the ``one-decision'' mantra gave way to a second decision -- sell.
They became crazily overvalued, and after a series of market and corporate disappointments, the ``one-decision'' mantra gave way to a second decision -- sell.
The significance of Tuesday's action lay in the willingness of many representatives to vote for the first time to break the link between human rights and trade, after repeatedly voting by overwhelming majorities in recent years to establish that link.
``Then after that, the bigger cities all wanted salt, and we had to struggle to deliver it.
But the note rallied after the auction, with the yield in the when-issued market slipping to 6.59 percent.
``I'm not going to comment on that (pitch), it might get me in trouble in the future,'' said Lewis, who flipped his helmet in the air after getting rung up.
He gave up just five hits and one run before turning the ball over to Myers after eight innings.
 (BC-HEALTH-SENATE-2NDTAKE-NYT) The Senate debate began only after hours of argument between the parties over when to start it.
Meanwhile, total business productivity, including farming, fell by 1.4 percent, after rising 2.8 percent during the first three months of the year.
In its inventory report, the Commerce Department said stocks at wholesalers fell by four-tenths of a percent in June, to $222.3 billion, after posting a 1.6 percent increase in May.
The stores, opened over the last 15 years, have been the tribe's first success in building a reservation economy after two centuries of depression.
The talks began after a recent Supreme Court ruling upholding the state's right to begin taxing non-Indian wholesalers who supply the reservation stores.
Two years ago, there were arrests and injuries over this issue after a lower-court ruling sparked Seneca civil demonstrations that closed state roads here through the reservation.
Clinton accused opponents of Democratic health bills of resorting to scare tactics, and she predicted that the White House and its allies would win passage of ``a decent bill'' after battling ``a small group of Democrats and all but one of the Republicans claiming the sky is falling.'' Mrs.
But an industry report after the market closed showed a drop.
Then, after seeing a preliminary version of the comptroller's report, Cortines issued an amended response accepting all the report's findings.
``We must tighten the financial controls, increase accountability and eliminate any procedures that could even allow an appearance of favoritism or abuse in employing consultants.'' Cortines said in his statement hat soon after he came to New York almost a year ago, he concluded that the controls on consultants were too loose.
The audit concluded that because of too-flexible hiring procedures in some cases marred by cronyism and other abuses, the same consultants were often retained year after year, sometimes receiving large increases in their contracts without clear justification.
At age 5, Khiev was taken from his parents by the Khmer Rouge and made to work in rice fields from before sunrise to after sunset.
Moreover, forcing baseball players into a 90-day cooling off period would keep them from striking until November, long after the season is over and too late for the owners to care.
Any legal action will probably come only after the strike starts, and a lot depends on whether Congress decides to strip baseball of its trust-exempt status.
In 1992, after several years of litigation, a federal jury in Minneapolis ruled that the league's free agency system violated antitrust laws and awarded $1.6 million in damages to eight players.
The NBA voided the contract as a circumvention of the cap because Dudley was going to be paid below his market value and could declare himself an unrestricted free agent after the first year.
But you don't want so many loopholes that it ceases to be a cap.'' Last month, after the NBA and the union swapped lawsuits, a U.S. judge rejected the players' contention that the salary cap, along with the college draft and the teams' right of first refusal to match competing offers for their free agents were antitrust violations.
Jean Cheek leads singing of gospel music after brunch at Miche Mache in Stamford, Conn.
-- August 9, 1994 -- MOVIE-HUNGRIES, 8-9 -- Leaving the theater after viewing ``Eat Drink Man Woman,'' movie-goers seem both ravished and famished, presented with a terrible and immediate dilemma: where and what to eat?
Jean Cheek leads singing of gospel music after brunch at Miche Mache in Stamford, Conn.
-- August 9, 1994 -- MOVIE-HUNGRIES, 8-9 -- Leaving the theater after viewing ``Eat Drink Man Woman,'' movie-goers seem both ravished and famished, presented with a terrible and immediate dilemma: where and what to eat?
Jean Cheek leads singing of gospel music after brunch at Miche Mache in Stamford, Conn.
-- August 9, 1994 -- MOVIE-HUNGRIES, 8-9 -- Leaving the theater after viewing ``Eat Drink Man Woman,'' movie-goers seem both ravished and famished, presented with a terrible and immediate dilemma: where and what to eat?
Chicago, with a force of 14,446 officers and civilians -- the largest after New York -- ranked seventh.
They presented one through a witness, Julio Cruz, a 33-year-old man who had testified for the prosecution at the 1980 trial and who, under prosecution questioning Tuesday, said Jackson-Knight had told him two months after the Waldbaum's fire that ``he was afraid because he was involved in it.'' ``As best as I recall,'' Cruz said Tuesday, ``he said he was part of that, the Waldbaum's fire.'' He said the conversation occurred when both men were jailed at Rikers Island in separate cases unrelated to the fire.
Johnson, said that around 9 a.m. the four assailants tied up Ms. Salcedo and Ms. Jerez, demanding cash even after they had looted the cash register in the store, the Telecommunications Center, at 409 New Lots Avenue in East New York.
Tanya Ellis, 34, who lives in the neighborhood, said that a number of phone businesses had opened in the area recently after fixing up battered storefronts.
Ms. Gray, at the helm of the YWCA since it reopened two years ago after being closed for 17 years, hears about the boys and young men who kill over girls, an offhand insult, an errant glance.
``He said he got shot in the head just three minutes after he had left him, and Donald said he wanted to get out.
Caputo, 45, who was born in Argentina, disappeared after the Yonkers slaying.
Caputo has said that after killing the four women, he lived as a fugitive in the United States, Mexico and Argentina.
Caputo will be tried here after his Long Island trial.
Eventually, the two plan seven nights of programming after about five years.
Eventually, the two plan seven nights of programming after about five years.
``That's what we always want to do, is go after the jobs they go after,'' Van Vliet said.
``That's what we always want to do, is go after the jobs they go after,'' Van Vliet said.
 (BC-HEALTH-SENATE-2NDTAKE-NYT) The Senate debate began only after hours of argument between the parties over when to start it.
``I never thought any records were in trouble,'' Brogna said philosophically after the game.
The loss eliminated any hope of the Mets entering the projected strike after Thursday's games with a record better than .500.
USC PREPARES FOR BARNSTORMING TOUR OF ORIENT LOS ANGELES  (BC-BKC-USC-LADN) USC's basketball team embarks Monday on a barnstorming tour of Hong Kong, Taiwan and Korea, only a couple weeks after its coach, George Raveling, returned home from St. Petersburg, Russia.
TEMBLOR'S IMPACT FELT SIX MONTHS LATER LOS ANGELES  (BC-QUAKE-ASBESTOS-2Takes-ART-LADN) For Bob and Susie Nusbaum, the most frightening moment of the Northridge Earthquake came six months after the shaking stopped.
But after reading the report over the telephone to various asbestos support groups, officials at Cal/OSHA and her insurer, the Nusbaums received the same advice: leave the home.
Fatal diseases can show up anywhere from 10 to 40 years after exposure.
``There was a lot of confusion after the earthquake,'' he said.
Acting Commissioner Bud Selig, after insisting 19 of 28 teams are losing money, has revised his estimate to a minimum of 12 to 14.
They asked the city for a loan -- a year after offering Barry Bonds $20 million and Doug Drabek $18 million.
When Kenny Rogers can't get the first hitter out in two starts after a perfect game.
``The night after the surgery and the next two nights were real tough and real painful,'' Lassic said.
Dicks' comments were the latest twist to the political firestorm that erupted Monday after charges by members of the Senate Intelligence Committee that the CIA and Pentagon had deliberately withheld information on the project.
But Lasorda, who was woken at the team hotel here at 6:30 a.m. (EDT) by a phone call from Los Angeles police, was more suspicious about why the underside of his desk was being searched at such an hour, five days after the team left on its road trip.
The Angels had to call off a roster move Tuesday after discovering that the minor-leaguer they sought to call up, pitcher Mike James, is out of options.
In past campaigns, the hard campaigning of television commercials and rallies usually has begun after Labor Day, when voters have returned from summer vacations and begin to focus on the election.
Brown made a decision to begin advertising immediately after the June 7 primary because of the attacks against her by Wilson and two Democratic opponents, Whitehurst said.
``He did a bus tour of the state right after the primary and is planning more of that in the fall.'' Grossman said Huffington was hampered last month following surgery for a detached retina and was under doctor's orders to rest for several weeks.
``It will be something for Mr. King and his attorneys to work out.'' Lerman was King's original attorney but was replaced by Grimes after the first trial of four Los Angeles police officers accused of beating King.
That means it's hands off after that point.
Raymond lost 6-0, 3-6, 6-1, a week after the Pennsylvania native went the distance against the top-ranked Graf in Carlsbad, losing 6-7, 6-2, 6-2.
There Martinez struggled to a three-set victory after dropping the first set.
When Canseco was ejected by home-plate umpire Terry Craft after arguing a called third strike July 27, he said he was compiling a tape of missed pitches and threatened to make it public.
When he came close to being ejected by Mike Reilly after arguing a called third strike Monday against the Seattle Mariners, he visited the umpires after the game for a calm, reasonable discussion.
His argument was better received in the umpires' dressing room after the game.
And then, after the Yankees finally snatched the lead, Abbott's control vanished, Gibson failed to retire one important left-handed hitter and Baltimore scored the three runs that made the difference in a 6-5 Oriole victory.
With a 5-3 lead, two Orioles on base after a walk and a single and two out, Abbott inexplicably walked No. 8 batter Mike Devereaux, a .203 hitter.
Anderson singled, Hammonds walked and both runners scooted 90 feet after Abbott fired a wild pitch.
Obviously the flying posters did not irritate O'Neill because one inning after he assisted the grounds crew, he helped clean up the bases and usher New York ahead, 5-3.
We just need to get a win and get our confidence back.'' The defeat dropped the Rangers to 52-61 and dropped their lead over second-place Oakland in the American League West to one-half game after the Athletics' 4-2 victory last night against the White Sox.
Bill Risley pitched a scoreless eighth, and Bobby Ayala struck out the side after a leadoff single by Palmer to earn his 17th save.
The WAC reduced the amount ``substantially'' after it met opposition, Welty said last week.
YANKEES OPTION HITCHCOCK TO MINORS NEW YORK  (BC-BBA-YANKEE-NOTEBOOK-350&ADD-NYT) The Yankees made their first public concession to believing that there will be a players' strike Friday when they optioned a promising pitcher, Sterling Hitchcock, to Class AAA Columbus after Tuesday night's game.
Since the Yankees cannot recall Hitchcock for 10 days after sending him to the minors, they either saved themselves two days or lost Hitchcock for one start.
``He's a starting pitcher.'' Michael hinted that reliever Joe Ausanio will be demoted to Class AAA after Thursday's game.
If the players do strike after Thursday's games, O'Neill will return home to Cincinnati and lift weights or lift a tennis racket.
When O'Neill was reminded that he has seven weeks of spring training to tinker with his swing after not batting for four months and will not have that luxury after a strike, he did not budge from his hitless stance.
If the 31-year old outfielder maintains his slight lead in the batting race and a strike erases the rest of the regular season, he could win a tarnished batting crown after beginning 1994 with a .268 career average.
``I want to wait as close to the deadline as I can to have the best sense of the tempo of what's taking place (in the bargaining sessions).'' A more conservative and likely move would be to simply demote one player after Thursday's game, taking the major-league roster down to the minimum 24 required players.
DEION STARTS AFTER TIME IN JAIL CINCINNATI  (BC-BBN-DODGERNOTES-LADN) Reds outfielder Deion Sanders started in center field Tuesday night against the Dodgers, only 17 hours after being released from jail.
Sanders (now known as Crime Time?) was arrested late Monday night on charges of resisting arrest and driving without a license, after he allegedly rode a motorcycle through a restricted gate underneath Riverfront Stadium around 11 p.m. and dragged an off-duty Cincinnati police officer several feet after being told to stop.
The Angels got to Appier for one run in the fifth inning after Salmon led off by slamming a triple off the wall in dead center.
``We shouldn't be playing this bad.'' His perspective was offered from the bench -- Edmonds was yanked from the game and replaced by the weak-fielding Jackson after committing a ``lackadaisical'' (manager Marcel Lachemann's word) two-base error in the seventh.
He said Myers had lost feeling in his foot after fouling a ball of his ankle.
The Angels got to Appier for one run in the fifth inning after Tim Salmon led off by slamming a triple off the wall in dead center.
Eckersley walked the first batter he faced, Robin Ventura, but retired the next three White Sox and, after winning a long battle with Mike LaValliere, pumped his hand with as much vigor as he would in the postseason.
It was his second straight strong outing after a stint on the disabled list.
IT'S FINALLY OFFICIAL: SNYDER TO FOLLOW LETTERMAN ON CBS NEW YORK  (BC-TV-SNYDER-CBS-1STLD-WRITETHRU-300&Add-NYT) CBS and David Letterman made it official Tuesday: starting next December, at 12:35 a.m. Eastern Time on weeknights, immediately after ``Late Show with David Letterman,'' will be ``The Late, Late Show with Tom Snyder.'' The selection of Snyder, the talk-show veteran who had his biggest impact on late-night television in the 1970s on NBC, was made long ago.
But Snyder said he thought ``it would be folly'' for CBS to try to do a comedy show after Letterman's, which he called the best of its kind.
Even after the entrance of Shaq and Shawn Kemp, Australia hung around.
A: The office was created when Congress passed the Ethics in Government Act in 1978, after the Watergate scandal.
In one local case a few years ago, Hans-Juergen Krause was sued successfully by his wife's family after he was suspected of but never charged with killing his wife.
One nationally publicized example of this was the case of Claus von Bulow, who was sued by his stepchildren after being acquitted of the attempted murder of his wife.
Author Winston Groom wrote ``Forrest Gump'' eight years ago after a conversation with his father about a retarded boy from his youth who was an accomplished pianist.
A legend lost in the mists of time is that the first players of the game liked to take a shot of whisky after each hole, and that a fifth of Scotch contained 18 shots.
A: There have been no reports that Fuhrman is suing Newsweek, which reported this week that he will be a defendant in a retrial of a civil suit brought by a man shot by Los Angeles police after a 1987 robbery attempt at an automatic teller machine.
I remarried after I was divorced 7 months,'' he says.
Month after month, the stories hit the press like Elvis sightings: Hot dogs cause leukemia.
``She was a very strong woman,'' says Ruth Noble Groom, who remained friends with her ex-husband after their 15-year marriage ended in 1985.
``When I quit the Star after seven years to write a novel, Adam and I moved up to Easthampton, then Irwin came back from Switzerland and we shared a place.'' For five years, Groom wrote critically acclaimed and moderately successful books (``Better Times Than These,'' ``Conversations With the Enemy'' and ``As Summers Die'') and hobnobbed with other authors at Elaine's, a celebrity watering hole in New York.
Beware of people that put numbers after their names.
-- August 10, 1994 -- GOSPEL-BRUNCH, 8-9 -- Jean Cheek leads singing of gospel music after brunch at Miche Mache in Stamford, Conn.
-- August 10, 1994 -- GOSPEL-BRUNCH, 8-9 -- Jean Cheek leads singing of gospel music after brunch at Miche Mache in Stamford, Conn.
-- August 10, 1994 -- GOSPEL-BRUNCH, 8-9 -- Jean Cheek leads singing of gospel music after brunch at Miche Mache in Stamford, Conn.
Six months after the agreement's inauguration in January, ``Trade has exceeded our expectations,'' he said.
Add yolks, 1 at a time, beat well after each addition.
Add yolks, 1 at a time, beat well after each addition.
Six months after the agreement's inauguration in January, ``Trade has exceeded our expectations,'' he said.
(That might be because she had never seen a mountain until my wife and I moved to Colorado, nor an ocean until we moved another time to Florida.) She called recently after I had had eye surgery.
When the tank's too high, you bump the regulator with the back of your head every time you look up, and after a while that gets both annoying and painful.
Like a stand-up phoenix with a Southern drawl, Butler has risen from the ashes of her life, after getting burned nearly to the ground by domestic abuse and her own alcoholism.
``I'm trying to get Tony La Russa and Dusty Baker to manage the two teams.'' Another Class-A team seeking to exploit fan anger at a strike is the Stockton (Calif.) Ports, who have dubbed their game next Tuesday against the Riverside (Calif.) Pilots -- their first home game after the strike deadline -- ``Don't Strike Out Night.'' Fans will be invited to trade their unused major league tickets for face value in Ports tickets.
It's a remarkable reversal of a slide that began after World War II, when television began bringing the more glamorous major league ball into the living rooms of small-town America.
(A similar site, ``The Hole in the Wall Gang Camp'' in Ashford, Conn., was founded by Newman and Wood in 1988.) A large majority of the campers, who are looked after by a staff that includes 36 young counselors, chosen from some 800 applicants, have cancer or serious blood disorders; a few suffer from neuromuscular impairments.
Adam, who plans to be a lawyer, added, ``They aren't like grandfathers and mothers; they're like friends -- after a while they get tired or something but they all act pretty young.'' Participants in other Elderhostel programs throughout New York State agreed that, in addition to the programs, their enjoyment stemmed from the caliber of discussion among fellow participants.
Both Californians, they were married two years later, after corresponding and getting together halfway between their two homes.
From ticket sales to toilet paper supply, Delsener makes sure everything is in place before, during and after a band goes on stage.
``We would get 40 percent of the door after expenses.'' Today there is more paperwork.
``We work on a 90-10 or an 85-15 basis, which means that after expenses the act gets 90 percent of what's left, or 85 percent of what's left, and we get 10 or 15 percent,'' he said.
Delsener's wife of 28 years, Ellin, dropped by after the meeting.
BREEDING IS BEST LEFT TO THE EXPERTS  (BC-DOGS-COLUMN-KAN-KAN) In city after city officials carry on their grim business of slaughtering dogs and cats by law and public demand.
People usually want to know, ``Oh, do you raise puppies?'' right after Romeo and Juliet are introduced.
In city after city, officials carry on their grim business of slaughtering dogs and cats by law and public demand.
But after winning an Atlantic Coast Championship and starting to see players graduate, he had a meeting with the university president, athletic director and board of trustees last November.
Most, in a purple haze of their own, didn't mind finding their way back to muddy blankets after trips to the bathroom -- if they even bothered to hike that far.
To Steve Odenheimer and his friend, the rain, cold and mud did make a difference -- especially after they lost the tent where they were supposed to sleep.
Her modeling career began in the mid-1970s after she, at age 18, was discovered by photographer Peter Beard in her homeland, Somalia.
Rather, the best hope is that protease inhibitors will prolong a patient's life or delay the onset of AIDS after a person has been infected with the human immunodeficiency virus.
	In a rare joint news conference after their 90-minute meeting at an Israeli base on the northern edge of the Gaza Strip, both leaders tried to project a spirit of cooperation, shaking hands and pledging to push ahead with their self-rule accord.
Sir Michael Rose, after heavy artillery duels near the towns of Visoko, Breza and Ilijas on Tuesday.
The police department has not yet changed the wiretap numbers, and will only decide whether that is necessary after several employees in the communications division are questioned.
The women were fired March 3 after about a year on the job, according to Suzanne Coe, the clinic's attorney.
He said that Paula Corbin Jones, the former state clerical worker who brought the suit, would not lose any of her rights if her suit were delayed because she could refile it after Clinton leaves office.
One day after Coach Dan Reeves said that if Brown played well this weekend against the San Diego Chargers in Berlin the job was probably Brown's, Reeves on Wednesday officially declared the former Duke University star the winner of the hyped quarterback duel with Kent Graham.
The announcement was surprising -- almost stunning -- in that it came after just two pre-season games (the Giants play five).
``I want to be a true New York Giants quarterback.'' Did Brown and Graham speak after the decision was made?
I think Dan decided to make the decision now, and whether or not it was fair, well, he gave us two weeks and I didn't know he was going to make a decision after two weeks but he chose to do so.'' While players were supportive, there were few ringing endorsements.
Not that his teammates should have picked up Brown and carried him on their shoulders after they learned of the outcome.
The two work out together in the off season and play games of ``Horse'' but they usually have to stop after 20 kicks from 35 to 40 yards because neither one will miss.
The starting annual salary for major league umpires is $60,000; after 20 years they can make $175,000.
Neither Sanders nor Eddings could fall asleep and watched reruns of ``The Andy Griffith Show'' until well after 6 a.m. After sleeping into the afternoon and a short workout at a nearby health club, they were ready for the first of a five-game series between Midland and Wichita.
Casual baseball fans may remember that year as the season of the Philadelphia Phillies' great collapse, when the team managed by Gene Mauch blew the National League pennant after being 6 and a half games ahead with only 12 games left in the season.
In contrast to Weiss was Augustus ``Gussie'' Busch, the king of Budweiser, who, after his beer company bought the still-segregated Cardinals, insisted on hiring black players because, as he put it, ``we sell beer to everyone.'' As Halberstam sees it, the most important move made by Bing Devine, the Cardinals' general manager, in building a new-era champion was trading with the Chicago Cubs for Lou Brock, who would eventually break Ty Cobb's career base-stealing record but who was so green as a young player that he once refused a meal on a first-class airplane flight because he was afraid he could not afford to pay for it.
Their first features, often low-budget independent films, represented fresh voices and new politics after a spate of star vehicles for comedians like Richard Pryor and Eddie Murphy and, before that, the 1970s blaxploitation films like ``Superfly'' which were frequently made by whites.
DEMOCRATS' RETURN TO CHICAGO KINDLES VIVID MEMORIES OF 1968 WASHINGTON  (BC-THOMPSON-COLUMN-$ADV14-HNS) If Richard Nixon had checked into the Watergate for a weekend of relaxation and revelry after he was forced to resign, his action would have been only slightly more audacious than the Democrats' decision to return to Chicago in 1996 to nominate a president.
That's why this could be '81 all over again.'' And, if anyone need be reminded, the resolution of the 1981 conflict over free-agent compensation didn't come until after 50 days and 712 games were wiped off the regular-season schedule.
Those two men, more so than Bud Selig, Jerry Reinsdorf or any other behind-the-scenes power broker, will be held personally accountable for what unfolds after Thursday.
In a rare joint news conference after their 90-minute meeting at an Israeli base on the northern edge of the Gaza Strip, both leaders tried to project a spirit of cooperation, shaking hands and pledging to push ahead with their self-rule accord.
`FORREST GUMP' FINDS NEW ADVENTURES VIA AUDIO LOS ANGELES  (BC-AUDIO-BOOKS-LADN) Talking with ``Forrest Gump'' author Winston Groom after listening to the new audio version of his book (the basis for Tom Hanks' megahit film role) is unnervingly like talking with Gump himself.
So, after a long night in Elaine's (the famous literary watering hole), I sort of wandered into the studios there at the Paramount building.
Decide for yourself after you weigh what loyalists for both sides have to say.
But after more than two decades of performing, it's a good bet that Connick knows what he's doing.
The manual's revision will be completed next year, after several public hearings, including one Oct.
(She, along with Bernard Nussbaum, recommended the hiring of the gentle Fiske, her former boss, after a tougher choice demanded assurance that White House Counsel would not assert attorney-client privilege.) To the dismay of Justice professionals, her division is about to present itself as the nation's defender against violent crime.
Rather, the best hope is that protease inhibitors will prolong a patient's life or delay the onset of AIDS after a person has been infected with the human immunodeficiency virus.
Moreover, the viral suppression might be short-lived because it has already become obvious that the AIDS virus develops resistance to the protease inhibitors after a few months, just as it can develop resistance to AZT and other drugs.
``She arrived in Washington the day after we left,'' Mick Fleetwood said with a laugh by telephone from a Philadelphia hotel this week.
She will help the band complete a new album after the tour.
Such subjects often spice up the discourse when Fehr finds the conversation focusing too much on himself, as it does more and more as his union, at loggerheads with management over a proposed salary cap, prepares to strike after Thursday night's games.
He has since built his own formidable reputation after having marshaled his players through a two-day strike in 1985 and a spring training lockout in 1990.
Fehr joined the players in 1975 after starting his career as an associate with a Kansas City law firm, where he shunned corporations as clients in order to work with people.
Sir Michael Rose, after heavy artillery duels on Tuesday near the towns of Visoko, Breza and Ilijas, north of Sarajevo.
The escalation of the fighting north of Sarajevo has come just days after Serbia announced that it had cut off all commerce with the Serbs in Bosnia.
11: American officials joined in the deserved condemnation when 32 Cubans who were attempting to escape their homeland drowned on July 13 after their ancient tugboat was bashed by a Cuban patrol boat.
But after elderly people realized that they would pay the bill, through higher taxes and premiums, they rebelled against leaders of the organization and forced Congress to repeal the law a year later.
Dolores O'Riordan is, though she was born three years after Woodstock and her major musical influence, as a child in Ireland, was Gregorian chant.
As Kornfeld tells it, he ``became consumed by drugs'' after Woodstock.
Then, two months after Kornfeld gave up drugs, his only child died of a drug overdose at age 16.
The service will be free for the trial run, but after that Nynex plans to charge the person leaving the message $1.
In arguing that the suit should be dismissed, Bennett said the court should give Jones the option of refiling it after Clinton leaves office.
Ernest Fitzgerald, who lost his Pentagon job after exposing cost overruns on the C-5A transport, could not sue President Richard Nixon.
Three months later, he died after being admitted to Bellevue Hospital suffering, according to hospital records, from an overdose of opiates and sedatives.
She said that he became ill after a fall and that she withdrew about $80,000 from his bank accounts on his instructions and turned the money over to him for investments and other expenses.
For the next 15 years, he was the owner of a company that supplied Greek Orthodox churches with safety cups, or holders, for votive candles, and he frequently visited Greece to look after his real-estate investments near Athens.
James Vlasto and his brother, George Vlasto, a retired biology professor at the University of Connecticut, said their uncle, Andrew Vlasto, began to distance himself from the family after the death of his twin sister, Katy Babakos, in Greece in 1987.
10, three weeks after being admitted to the hospital, Andrew Vlasto died.
On the straight side is a Nathan who plays right field for his Little League team, looks after his 8-year-old stepbrother, Montana, after school, and until recently got good grades.
``Isn't it sad that it's how many years after Brown versus Board of Education and we're still wrestling with this issue in an integrated district?'' she said.
I voice this opinion on the spur of the moment, after getting to know the judge's findings.'' A spokesman for the Argentine Foreign Ministry said the Iranian ambassador, Hadi Soleiman Pour, had been summoned tonight for a meeting with Foreign Minister Guido Di Tella.
This industrial surge has driven Minas Gerais past Rio de Janeiro, to become Brazil's second-biggest state economy, after that of Sao Paulo.
I wanted to get it out.'' Within minutes after the ``switch'' was turned on, the boy lay on the ground in a wooded area hidden from view from the street.
He also said Eric's sister, Stacy Hevner, now 16, left home to live with her father after her stepfather ``sexually touched her twice'' -- acts that Eric was aware of.
A full two decades after Watergate, which led to strict codes of ethical conduct, Washington still attracts people, elected and appointed, whose concern for the public runs second to their concern for the constituencies they are supposed to keep an eye on.
It is on those streets that he met members of the 14s and 13s -- gangs styled after the Crips and Bloods -- and learned to love violent ``gangsta'' rap and the exciting lore of guns, drive-by shootings and drugs.
He's smart enough to be scared of the things he should be.'' Rob gets off work early enough to watch the kids after school, and he takes the lead on making sure Nathan isn't following his buddies into trouble.
According to the Congressional Budget Office, the new premium subsidy program will grow over 10 percent a year even after it is phased in.
So if we thought we had things under control and we're getting them there with new health care reform admittedly, right up front the Congressional Budget Office warns us that these subsidy programs will grow at a rate of 10 percent a year even after they are phased in.
The Medicare drug benefit, a brand new one, grows at 10.5 percent a year even after phased in.
TWO FOR THE MONEY AS JETS RETURN TO CAMP HEMPSTEAD, N.Y. (BC-FBN-JETS-NYT) The two showed up at New York Jets' training camp Wednesday: one returning, perhaps reluctantly, after leaving the team because he thought football was dominating his life, the other desperately hoping to play after yet another serious knee injury.
Ware quit the team after Sunday's practice, explaining he wanted to rethink his commitment to football.
His return after two days on the lamb has made moot, for now, the possible re-signing of Dave Cadigan, who opted for free agency.
Ware was upset and confused after a Sunday dressing-down by Larry Beightol, the vociferous offensive-line coach.
Ware and his agent Alan Herman met Monday with general manager Dick Steinberg, after which Ware decided to take time off.
Like the other players at camp, Ware, last season's fourth-round pick, puts in a day that begins at 8 a.m. and ends after meetings about 10 p.m. But unlike the others, Ware also spent virtually every offseason day here as well, then routinely would speak to youth or church groups.
He reported late to Wednesday morning's workout after meeting with Steinberg and head coach Pete Carroll.
Carroll said he agreed to Ware's return after their meeting.
The Jets called him last Friday, shortly after they learned that starting right cornerback James Hasty may not be available until opening day following arthroscopic surgery.
He still seems a little tired after a grueling seven-week, two-continent stretch of golf that followed the U.S. Open.
He finished in a tie for fourth at the Honda Classic, his first tournament back, and after something of a disappointing Masters (T-48) he finished seventh at the Shell Houston Open and won the following week at the BellSouth Classic in Atlanta.
in exchange for $950,000 in cash and a $500,000 letter of credit due one year after the closing, according to a Securities and Exchange Commission filing.
The Zapatistas first mentioned the convention in June after they turned down a government peace plan.
Donelli coached the Dukes in the morning and the Steelers in the afternoon, but after five Steeler losses, Elmer Layden, the NFL commissioner, gave him an ultimatum, and Donelli chose Duquesne, which he coached to a 29-4-2 record in four seasons.
Then, fulfilling a promise to Little, he moved to Columbia in 1957, after Little's retirement.
``I can't see now how it could not have an impact.'' Doubts about Shandong Huaneng, which is the first Chinese utility to be listed overseas, developed soon after its stock opened last Thursday.
CS First Boston said that it could not comment on the stock, citing regulations prohibiting an underwriter from commenting publicly about one of its deals until 25 days after it begins trading.
He has always, after all, been able to do more than merely talk.
And some 50 years after he started in The Business, Allen is being recognized for his trailblazing efforts in broadcasting and his phenomenal body of work.
During earlier drills, when some of them had been told to aim and dry fire their weapons, they had yelled, ``Bang.'' They have not been given bullets for the rifles yet, and the guns themselves are taken back by the regular soldiers after practice, lending weight to the theory by some Haitians that the militia is intended more as an act of defiance to President Clinton than as a real threat to the U.S. military.
There were a few old men so tired after a few hours that they could barely lift their legs to march in place, and a few women who marched in white dresses.
Every Aristide supporter who is killed is one less who can vote to re-elect him, said some members of the militia after drilling.
Under terms of what's known as the ``Montreal Protocol'' the old refrigerant called R-12, a CFC, can't be made after 1995 because it contains ozone-destroying chlorine.
A clearer picture will emerge later this year after manufacturers issue their air-conditioning system rebuilding specifications.
Bennett said that Paula Corbin Jones, the former state clerical worker who sued Clinton, would not lose any of her rights if her suit were delayed until after the president left office because she could refile it, and possibly earn interest on any damages she might be awarded.
Olson, a lawyer who represented President Ronald Reagan during and after he left office, said in an interview Wednesday, ``We would have been extremely reluctant to advance such a defense on behalf President Reagan for numerous reasons, including concern that doing so would have been widely and sharply criticized as an act of an imperial, arrogant and unaccountable presidency.'' The defense motion had been expected.
Bennett said last month that he would contend that Clinton could not be sued while in office, but would not seek to escape liability because the protection would expire after he left office.
He said she delayed filing her suit for nearly three years and did so only after Clinton had been in office for more than a year, thus depriving Clinton of the opportunity of disposing of the matter before his election.
``I am constantly surprised at how much we don't know about camp, even after 50 years,'' Ishizuka said.
``Because Japanese-Americans were forced to leave so much behind (at home) because of their internment, there was a real drive to save everything after 1942,'' he said.
Even after his third year, when he paired up with Summerall, he looked like your next door neighbor, the football nut.
But in the 1980s, after the Rockefeller era waned, Rosenbaum almost dropped out of state politics, devoting himself more to national politics and his private law practice.
That isn't hard,'' she said after the vote.
The 26 Cubans arrived in Key West shortly after noon on Wednesday, 20 hours after a Coast Guard cutter reached their 30-foot boat on Tuesday, 60 miles southwest of the city.
But coming after nearly five hours of briefings on the case by Fiske and his staff Tuesday, Starr's declaration today that he felt obligated to reach ``an independent judgment'' on all topics appeared to confirm apprehensions within the White House that he intended to reopen matters they had hoped were closed.
G POSTS IMPROVED NET IN FOURTH QUARTER  (BC-P&G-EARNINGS-NYT) Procter & Gamble Co., recovering from an embarrassing third-quarter charge of $102 million after taxes for losses on two interest-rate swaps, reported Wednesday that it had better-than-expected earnings for its fiscal fourth quarter.
MOVEMENT IN THE TALKS: OUT THE DOOR NEW YORK  (BC-BBO-LABOR-525&ADD-NYT) Negotiators for baseball's club owners and players have not reached an impasse, one of them said Wednesday, but their talks clearly are stalemated, and the players will walk out after they play the 10 games that are on the schedule for Thursday.
Chances of a settlement, though, are so remote that the negotiators did not even set another bargaining session after they ended Wednesday's meeting in two and a half hours.
``Take a salary cap proposal now, take it after the season because they impose it or strike.
I certainly do not believe we should stop talking no matter what.'' The players at the meeting addressed a report that some owners apparently think the players will return from a strike after they miss their second paycheck.
	International 	Fiat is leading an industrial surge that has propelled Minas Gerais over Rio de Janeiro to become Brazil's second-largest state economy, after that of Sao Paulo.
``She sought equal treatment,'' Houck said of Ms. Faulkner after hearing hours of testimony, ``and we ordered that she receive equal treatment,'' in a reference to his July 22 ruling that The Citadel must give Ms. Faulkner a full place in its corps of cadets.
There, in a 10-second procedure, said Major Rick Mill, the college spokesman, swath after swath is cut.
In 1980, Jackson-Knight, then known as Eric Jackson, was convicted of murder and arson after a trial in which the Brooklyn district attorney's office argued that he had helped set the fire, and he was sentenced to the maxiumm of 25 years to life in prison.
But in 1988, after Jackson-Knight had served nearly 10 years of his sentence, his conviction was dismissed and a new trial ordered by a judge who found that the prosecution at the trial had improerly withheld information that could have helped the defense argument that Jackson-Knight was not involved in the Waldbaum's blaze.
They were still negotiating details on financing after they submitted their partially completed plan to the Legislative Counsel's Office, which prepares the official language for all bills.
But he really opened up after he talked to Mark.
Some of them said, `This is the best day of my life.' And it felt really good to hear that after all they'd been through.
Skorobogatova, said that her husband had abducted the girl after a court had awarded her custody, and that the grandparents had hidden the girl in secret compartments in the house.
Kitayev, after hearing of her son's suicide, had initially agreed with that, saying, ``I will put her hand in yours myself.'' But Mrs.
And after The Wall Street Journal said last week that an announcement of a SmithKline-Cyanamid swap might be imminent, American Home Products announced its $95-a-share offer on Aug.
Rather, he saw it as a natural extension of the community spirit he experienced immediately after the earthquake.
Gubicza, who was raised in Philadelphia and has spent his entire 14-year pro career in the Kansas City organization, moved to Northridge nine years ago after marrying area native Lisa Petrow.
Hoppe, 59, who resigned last month after four years as president of the railroad, the largest commuter line in the nation.
They said Stangl offered him the job shortly after Hoppe announced he was leaving.
In 1984, after working for the Urban Mass Transit Agency, a part of the federal Department of Transportation, he was named the first chief of the New York City Transit Authority's safety department.
That isn't hard,'' she said after the vote.
CABLE TV AD BUREAU CHOOSES A PRESIDENT  (BC-BRIEFS-ADS-MEDIA-NYT) Joseph Ostrow, executive vice president and worldwide media director at Foote, Cone & Belding in New York, said Wednesday that he would leave the agency after seven years to become president and chief executive of the Cabletelevision Advertising Bureau in New York.
	Jim Barker, advertising manager for Allied Signal Aerospace in Torrance, Calif., said Tuesday that McCann Los Angeles was awarded the account after a six-week review that excluded the three incumbents.
The account has been handled by Ketchum Advertising Los Angeles and Ground Zero in Venice, Calif., for the last few months, after L.A. Gear parted with Ogilvy & Mather New York.
(Stephen Crowley/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT14) KEY WEST, Florida -- August 10, 1994 -- CUBANS, 8-10 -- Twenty-six Cubans arrived in Key West, Fla., on Wednesday after being picked up by a Coast Guard cutter on Tuesday.
-- August 10, 1994 -- GOSPEL-BRUNCH, 8-9 -- Jean Cheek leads singing of gospel music after brunch at Miche Mache in Stamford, Conn.
(Stephen Crowley/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT14) KEY WEST, Florida -- August 10, 1994 -- CUBANS, 8-10 -- Twenty-six Cubans arrived in Key West, Fla., on Wednesday after being picked up by a Coast Guard cutter on Tuesday.
-- August 10, 1994 -- GOSPEL-BRUNCH, 8-9 -- Jean Cheek leads singing of gospel music after brunch at Miche Mache in Stamford, Conn.
(Stephen Crowley/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT14) KEY WEST, Florida -- August 10, 1994 -- CUBANS, 8-10 -- Twenty-six Cubans arrived in Key West, Fla., on Wednesday after being picked up by a Coast Guard cutter on Tuesday.
-- August 10, 1994 -- GOSPEL-BRUNCH, 8-9 -- Jean Cheek leads singing of gospel music after brunch at Miche Mache in Stamford, Conn.
(Stephen Crowley/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT14) KEY WEST, Florida -- August 10, 1994 -- CUBANS, 8-10 -- Twenty-six Cubans arrived in Key West, Fla., on Wednesday after being picked up by a Coast Guard cutter on Tuesday.
-- August 10, 1994 -- GOSPEL-BRUNCH, 8-9 -- Jean Cheek leads singing of gospel music after brunch at Miche Mache in Stamford, Conn.
19 -- the day after the auction -- Simpson is scheduled to go on trial for the slashing deaths of his ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend Ronald Lyle Goldman.
Only God is with us.'' Every evening this week, Belgrade television has carried interview after interview with factory managers and others who say Serbia will face chaos and utter collapse if sanctions are not eased.
If after such a publicity campaign sanctions are indeed tightened, many Serbs will be very angry, and the anger could spark serious discontent.
``I hope we'll be able to make clear what the facts are and people's confidence in it (the NRO) will be restored.'' The CIA director's comments came hours after he, Deputy Secretary of Defense John Deutch and NRO Director Jeff Harris met with the Senate Intelligence Committee in an extraordinary public hearing to discuss the headquarters complex and the senators' complaints about inadequate communications from the intelligence agencies.
Greg Townsend is now with the Philadelphia Eagles after being waived.
The Raiders received a scare when he left the exhibition game against the Dallas Cowboys on Saturday on the second defensive series after getting kicked in the same leg.
Those who witnessed the match said it was over after the second game, and the Americans went on to demolish Brazil 15-6, 15-6, 15-7.
With the help of some sponsors, the national team was able to start paying players salaries after 1984 -- with the top players now making around $100,000 a year.
19 -- the day after the auction -- Simpson is scheduled to go on trial for the slashing deaths of his ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend Ronald Lyle Goldman.
He's Mr. Personality-plus,'' gushed Dora Karp, who waited in line after the party to shake hands with Rogers at the ninth annual Buddy Rogers Summer Party.
The Home for the Aging honored Pickford's generosity by naming after her a seven-story structure at the facility's original site in the Boyle Heights area of Los Angeles.
Rogers and Pickford married in 1937, four years after she retired from acting.
Boxes were piled throughout the room, and players were acting as if it was the second-to-last day of the season as they prepared to cease playing baseball after Thursday.
While Key blemished his commendable Cy Young Award status after yielding 10 hits in seven innings, Ben McDonald silenced the Yankees on five hits in winning his career-high 14th game.
Season after next, the NBA launches its Toronto and Vancouver franchises.
Tusks on females tended to be shorter because they stopped growing after giving birth, Agenbroad said.
Raul Mondesi followed with a triple and after Henry Rodriguez struck out, four consecutive left-handed hitters reached base against lefty reliever Chuck McElroy.
Lasorda entered their pregame meeting after the union's strike instructions were discussed to give the players a speech he usually reserves for the end of the season.
Meanwhile, executive vice president Fred Claire met after batting practice with Lasorda and his coaching staff to discuss their assignments during a strike.
Notre Dame was on the list, but most observers believe the Irish will be a perennial wild-card team when the Tier I Bowl Alliance begins after the 1995 season.
``Once we get the Big 12 signed on, between the two of us we'll go after the best visiting team that's available,'' Scovell said.
The season began with a slogan: ``No Excuses, Just Win.'' It ends with excuse, after excuse, after excuse.
I don't want to waste the fans' enthusiasm by not pitching well.'' Henke's comments came a few minutes after he had served up a game-losing homer to Seattle's Mike Blowers in the Rangers' 3-2 defeat to the Mariners at The Ballpark at Arlington.
But the bedraggled foe was a much closer second in the art of flaming invective, known even on the clean streets of Toronto as ``trash talk.'' With the game out of hand after the opening minutes, some Puerto Ricans, principally a U.S.-raised guard named Orlando Vega, began to bump chests, swap glares and exchange pointed fingers with some Dream Teamers, mainly Larry Johnson and Alonzo Mourning.
Of course, Rathman only had the two clubs to choose from, so you could make the argument that if he had 10 teams vying for his services, then it might have been about money after all.
In 1862, astronomers Lewis Swift of New York and Horace Tuttle of Harvard University spotted the comet that is named after them.
 (BC-BBA-A'S-410&ADD-SFCHRON) It was the kind of lazy, midweek day game that usually lends itself to flights of daydreaming, but when Steve Ontiveros came striding off the mound Wednesday after giving the Oakland A's a complete-game, two-run effort, the crowd of 30,010 at the Coliseum rose alertly for a spirited ovation.
Texas has Thursday off, and after Thursday all of baseball probably will have quite a few days off.
Henderson was at second after walking with one out, and he moved to third during Neel's at bat without the White Sox bothering to deter him.
A man walking with her asked how she had adapted at home after her accident.
Soon after she started, she sighed.
Just after the accident, Buchanan spent two days making a video.
It was reminiscent of the final scene in ``The Wizard of Oz,'' where everyone wants to greet Dorothy after she recovers.
CITADEL CAN SHAVE FAULKNER'S HEAD CHARLESTON, S.C.  (BC-CITADEL-COX) Here's the buzz at The Citadel: Shannon Faulkner will have to get her hair cut after all.
Weston Houck mowed down her lawyers's arguments, one after another.
Jones, Switzer and offensive lineman Nate Newton signed autographs and spent nearly an hour with the children after the morning practice.
Tolbert had a stiff knee after Sunday's game against the Los Angeles Raiders.
Snubbed by the Tier I alliance that begins after the 1995 season, the Cotton Bowl is the logical site for a game involving the best Big 12 team that doesn't receive a bid to the Fiesta, Orange or Sugar bowls, said John Scovell, head of the Cotton's alliance committee.
He did so after having to write about a previous trip using only receipts, tickets and a few notes to jog his memory.
``They enjoyed exploring those topics and after the year was over some of them kept it up.'' Bakes, 41, encouraged the diaries because of her own experience with them, she says.
The book of Jeremiah, Chapter 24, verses 1, 2 and 3: ``The Lord shewed me, and, behold, two baskets of figs were set before the temple of the Lord, after that Nebuchadrezzar, king of Babylon, had carried away captive Jeconiah, the son of Jehoiakim, king of Judah, and the princes of Judah, with the carpenters and smiths from Jerusalem, and brought them to Babylon.
He replaced Frank Sinatra on Tommy Dorsey's band after Sinatra left to start a solo career.
But UC's East Bay foray began to unravel after the San Francisco Examiner reported that Cowan had financial problems and had entertained top UC officials at lavish parties and had given them expensive gifts in an effort to market his development as a site for UC projects.
O`Connell, senior associate administrator for clinical services at the 550-bed facility, told a reporter after attending a White House-sponsored ceremony that 65 percent of the hospital's patients each year are covered by Medical, the state's equivalent of Medicaid, the government health program for the poor, and that many of the remaining patients are either uninsured or underinsured.
O'Connell, senior associate administrator for clinical services at the 550-bed facility, told a reporter after attending a White House-sponsored ceremony that 65 percent of the hospital's patients each year are covered by Medical, the state's equivalent of Medicaid, the government health program for the poor, and that many of the remaining patients are either uninsured or underinsured.
Tkacz says that has made her happier and more efficient on the job, allows her to save money on gasoline, and gives her more time with her 10-year-old daughter after a 20-mile commute.
Even the New York Stock Exchange didn't shut down until after lunch on Saturday, said Robert Sobel, a business historian at Hofstra University in Hempstead, N.Y. Efforts to change the U.S. workweek began again two decades ago, he said.
Tkacz says that has made her happier and more efficient on the job, allows her to save money on gasoline, and gives her more time with her 10-year-old daughter after a 20-mile commute.
Even the New York Stock Exchange didn't shut down until after lunch on Saturday, said Robert Sobel, a business historian at Hofstra University in Hempstead, N.Y. Efforts to change the U.S. workweek began again two decades ago, he said.
ALABAMA SENATOR SHELBY AGAIN BUCKING CLINTON AND FELLOW DEMOCRATS WASHINGTON  (BC-SHELBY-530&add-COX) The day after Richard Shelby declared a willingness to filibuster against health care reform, President Clinton's major legislative goal, the Alabama senator attended a luncheon caucus with his Democratic colleagues.
``I really believe after analyzing this bill that it's not a good piece of legislation and I think most Americans would agree with me.'' 
Goldberg's Corrina is a Gertrude Stein-quoting college graduate who, unable to find work as a writer, winds up looking after Molly (Tina Majorino), the young daughter of newly widowed adman Manny Singer (Ray Liotta).
Stranger yet, many of Splick and Jason's adventures actually happened to the two guys who play them -- and who just happen to be the producers, writers and directors of ``My Life's in Turnaround.'' Wouldn't you know it -- it's the film Schaeffer and Ward made after deciding they wanted to be filmmakers.
It's not a story about women who live happily ever after as soon as they meet their Prince Charming.
``We were planning to roll it out here, but after the Vanity Fair article the interest in this just got ahead of us,'' Golden said.
But after three years as the music network's slacker comedian and variations on the theme in the movies ``Encino Man'' and ``Son-in-Law,'' the 26-year-old performer is trying to expand his limited horizons.
That's what happened, after all, with ``Saturday Night Live.'' And even if it's unlikely that the ``SNL'' phenomenon will visit us again, there's at least enough in the first two installments of ``The Vacant Lot'' to warrant waiting around to see what these guys make of themselves before they grow up.
Many members stand to collect millions of dollars after they retire or are defeated.
``The basic problem that we have as a country is that people love to be victims.'' Danforth, who is retiring next January after 18 years in the Senate, stands to receive more than $2 million in a federal pension, starting with $53,000 next year.
Dennis DeConcini, D-Ariz., is retiring after a term marked by his ties to savings and loan operator Charles H.
Many members stand to collect millions of dollars after they retire or are defeated.
``The basic problem that we have as a country is that people love to be victims.'' Danforth, who is retiring next January after 18 years in the Senate, stands to receive more than $2 million in a federal pension, starting with $53,000 next year.
Dennis DeConcini, D-Ariz., is retiring after a term marked by his ties to savings and loan operator Charles H.
``Our problems are not due to incompetence in government; they're due to `those people.' They're not due to the inefficiency of the economic system; they're due to the `criminal mentality.''' Holmes hopes that after seeing the show, viewers will take a second look at a couple of initiatives on the Nov.
The film follows these two after they meet in an orphanage, talk earnestly about girls for a while, and then begin work as apprentices in a Jewish section of the nearby town.
SAN FRANCISCO  (BC-ASIA-NEWS-HNS) On each return to America's shores after an absence of several months, a reporter is struck anew by the Eurocentrism of the media in general and the foreign policy-making and opinion-making establishments in particular.
`CORRINA, CORRINA': CONFUSING, INDECISIVE  (BC-CORRINA-FILM-REVIEW-NYT) Jessie Nelson, who wrote and directed the semi-autobiographical ``Corrina, Corrina,'' based the title character on a 70-year-old housekeeper who helped to raise her after her mother died.
He died just after completing this role.
Ackerman, D-N.Y., said after reading news stories about the donations, the congressman decided to give his $500 contribution to charity.
``I've got `Hard Copy,' `Current Affair,' `Dateline' coming after me.
The bravery and self-sacrifice displayed by Gump (Tom Hanks) and Lt. Dan (Gary Sinise) are a far cry from the way Vietnam soldiers have been portrayed in most movies, especially those made in the first decade or so after the United States left the field.
By and large, they endure stoically, resuming their labors shortly after the death of family members, continuing sometimes until they drop themselves.
The best I could manage, after interviewing intelligent as well as radical members of each side, was this shared goal: As polarized as the anti-abortion/abortion rights coalitions were, both wanted to reduce the number of abortions.
A little after 10 a.m. on Saturday, we were instructed to sit in the grass along the right field line.
That select group was told they would be hearing from the Silver Bullets after the season was over -- in about three weeks.
One woman so impressed the scouts that Phil Niekro ran her down after the tryouts were over.
That select group was told they would be hearing from the Silver Bullets after the season was over -- in about three weeks.
One woman so impressed the scouts that Phil Niekro ran her down after the tryouts were over.
WOODSTOCK TRAFFIC WOES MAY HAMPER CONCERTGOERS' RETURN TO WORK SAUGERTIES, N.Y.  (BC-WOODSTOCK-TRANSPORTATION-HNS) Concertgoers who plan to work Monday after 2 1/2 days of partying at Woodstock '94 should consider taking off another day.
HOW CONGRESS CALCULATES ITS PENSIONS WASHINGTON  (BC-CONGRESS-PENSIONS-HOW-$ADV14-COX) The pension plan that covers most members of Congress requires them to contribute 8 percent of their salary during their working years, but gives them back many times that amount after retirement.
A typical member leaving after this year with 20 years of service would receive just under $60,000 during 1995.
Members elected after 1984 have a slightly different plan, which offers a somewhat lower pension base, although the annual increases are retained.
	(NYT) -- With no solution in sight to baseball's labor dispute, the players will strike after the final game on Thursday's 10-game schedule.
	The new charges against Lemrick Nelson, 18, who moved to Atlanta after his 1992 trial, came just days before the third anniversary of the racial unrest, that tarnished the image of Mayor David N.
When Kovner was born in 1937, Ms. Spivack was a lawyer in the Law Department and attended his brith milah, the religious rite of circumcision on the eigth day after birth.
Kozlowksi, who spent time in forced labor camps, reels off one horror story after another.
Woodstock '94 is, after all, a music festival before it's a cultural symbol.
Now, after more than a decade of MTV, performers are more self-conscious about images destined for posterity, and they know how to play for the pay-per-view television cameras as well as to the people in front of them.
And in the wee hours Friday through Sunday, after the live music ends, techno wizards -- including many of the style's major figures, like Aphex Twin and the Orb -- will wield their turntables and electronic devices, generating bleeps and thumps and sputters, turning Woodstock into Ravestock for those who have enough stamina left to dance.
And Dylan may just decide to play a great set; after all, he snubbed the first Woodstock.
IBM contends that Edelstein consistently favored the government in another antitrust complaint against IBM which the Justice Department dropped in 1982 after 13 years of litigation, despite the judge's opposition.
But after the early 1970s, Ms. Snyder's colors often darken and her surfaces can be clotted and overwrought.
He has been sued by a former mayoral aide with whom he had a liaison on the grounds that he promised to pay her $4,000 a month after their affair had ended.
Prospects: Surged in early polls after strong performance in Mexico's first nationally-televised presidential debate.
This year, they are in third place, eight and a half games behind the Binghamton Mets after being swept in a four-game series by the Mets.
He was put on the war criminal list soon after the war.
Even after his record was revealed, he was elected president of Austria.
Shouldn't that come after contrition?
``I think part of the interest in Spike Jones or other people from the era -- Eddie Kantor -- is part of a yearning for a simpler time when things were a little more certain, perhaps.'' In his biography, put together after hundreds of hours of interviews with Jones' family and coworkers, Young paints Jones as a savvy businessman, difficult taskmaster and, most of all, a brilliant band leader.
Yes, after years of rumors, the Santa Fe Opera has made it official: The open-air midsection of the festival's amphitheater -- a blessing on clear nights, a curse during the area's frequent thunderstorms -- will be roofed over.
Only at the opera's end, after Eckbert in his paranoia kills Walther and Berthe dies as if from a strange curse, is a shocking fact revealed: Although separated in childhood, Eckbert and Berthe actually were brother and sister.
Black & Veatch launched the plan in 1992 after consulting with an industry peer, Bechtel Corp.
The plunge came a day after Dillard reported a sharp drop in earnings for the second quarter of 1994.
But 5,500 years after the invention of wheeled vehicles, scientists have devised a piece of rubber that may forever change the psychology of taking to the open road: the run-flat tire.
For example, not long after Panetta warned Castro about a Cuban exodus, the U.S. this week granted asylum to 25 Cubans.
Both were early adherents of Surrealism; both were in Peggy Guggenheim's original stable of New York artists, and seen together they underscore the catalytic effect that European artists had on American art during and after the war.
What is surprising, no matter how familiar, is the shift in sensibility in American art soon after New York School painting peaked, a shift that a compendious show like this one throws into relief.
``A lot of our parents came here because they wanted security for their children,'' said Qureshi, whose father was a bus conductor in Bradford after coming to England in 1964.
He switched to the agency side four years later after he had what he described as ``a real `road to Damascus' experience: I was asked to write this campaign for mayonnaise and had the most fun in my life.'' He worked at the London offices of J.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Still, some experts who interview jurors after trials and conduct community surveys on legal issues say they have found no evidence of such fear.
Mautino entered the legal thicket with his new policy by re-interpreting a two-year-old section of the California Code of Civil Procedure, which instructs judges to offer anonymity to jurors after a trial is over if the judge can find a ``compelling governmental interest.'' As the presiding judge In Los Cerritos Municipal Court, Mautino sees to it that all jurors are given that option before the trial begins.
A little after 10 a.m. on Saturday, we were instructed to sit in the grass along the right field line.
Today, nearly 20 years after the invasion, the Suharto government continues to make strenuous efforts to prevent international discussion of East Timor.
That select group was told they would be hearing from the Silver Bullets after the season was over -- in about three weeks.
One woman so impressed the scouts that Phil Niekro ran her down after the tryouts were over.
That's because investors would have less time in which to make a profit before business rivals could legally get their hands on new technology.'' Under current law, an invention is protected for 17 years after being patented.
The city was also improperly charged $114,000 for the reroofing of the Flatbush Avenue Station and a new platform in the Far Rockaway Station after the federal government had already financed the repairs, the audit found.
That's because investors would have less time in which to make a profit before business rivals could legally get their hands on new technology.'' Under current law, an invention is protected for 17 years after being patented.
Last year, he wrote the court's opinion ordering the Pentagon to take Joseph Steffan back after the Navy kicked him out for admitting he is gay.
Harding sued the USOC and won back her place on the skating team for the Winter Games largely because she did not sign the code of conduct for Olympic athletes until three days after the attack on Kerrigan, and because the attack happened at an Olympic trial in Detroit, not at the games in Norway.
Harding sued the USOC and won back her place on the skating team for the Winter Games largely because she did not sign the code of conduct for Olympic athletes until three days after the attack on Kerrigan, and because the attack happened at an Olympic trial in Detroit, not at the games in Norway.
Not after the next election, not sometime in the next century, now! Health care delayed is health care denied.
Lowery's place-kicking skill is such that he bisected the upright on a 30-yard attempt after a disabled 6-year-old held the ball in place.
The public made him the 4-5 favorite Thursday, especially since De Niro was still mending after finishing third in the Sanford.
Given the penchant most composers have for tinkering with their scores after hearing them, it would be surprising if he did not iron out some of this work's rough spots along the way.
To learn more, scientists are carefully studying the small percentage of infected people who do not seem to get sick, even after 12 or more years.
Earp roamed this quarter, which was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980, when he lived in San Diego after the famous gunfight at the O.K. Corral in Tombstone, Ariz.
Cochran, visited Simpson at the jail after the surgery and described him as being ``a little sore'' but ``doing well.'' Generally, inmates in the Los Angeles Men's Central Jail are treated at the nearby Los Angeles County-USC Medical Center.
In reaction to an investigation, a spokesman for the Los Angeles Police Department said the department had found that Dr. Irwin Golden of the coroner's office broke no laws in an outburst in the coroner's office on July 26, 18 days after testfiying at Simpson's preliminary hearing.
In 1978, after closing the Palais, Fratoni was convicted of gaining control of it through fraud and was sentenced to a year in prison.
Bayer AG of Germany, which lost control of its name in the United States after of World War I, is believed interested in bidding for the medicines.
They told a joint session of the House and Senate Judiciary committees that they feared the proposed law would force them to continue modifying equipment even after the money had run out.
No wonder that Appleton did not even bother with a news release until after the July 31 deadline for entries.
Lynn had installed the recorder at Ms. Coe's suggestion after receiving a number of threatening anonymous calls.
Eventually, it may simply not matter, or even enhance the game; after all, the excesses that other entertainers can afford seem to be part of their appeal.
But pressure to do so mounted after weeks of high-level discussions between American and Jordanian officials.
Abequa, a 45-year-old automobile mechanic, fled to his native Jordan with his children after allegedly killing his wife, Nihal, in her apartment in the New Jersey town of Parsippany-Troy Hills in July.
The dispute has put King Hussein in a delicate position as he tries to repair relations with the United States after Jordan backed Iraq after the 1990 invasion of Kuwait.
``The notes that he wrote, that he had in his possession, speak to his tremendous anger and rage.'' Prosecutors in the case, noting that a judge had already ruled Ferguson competent to stand trial after he was interviewed by a court-appointed psychologist and psychiatrist in January, said there was no reason to revisit the matter.
This bounce for stocks with market capitalizations of less than $100 million comes after a difficult year.
AFTER ESPY CASE, WHITE HOUSE BARS PRIVATE GIFTS WASHINGTON  (BC-ESPY-INVESTIGATION-385&ADD-NYT) Two days after Attorney General Janet Reno sought an independent investigation of Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy's acceptance of outside gifts, the White House announced its own inquiry into the matter and ordered employees not to accept travel or housing from private interests.
``Hey, Carter,'' one home fan growled in grand bleacher tradition to the nearby right fielder after he had struck out, ``Nobody ever strikes out with your mother!'' Instantly, a stadium usher singled out the heckler for shushing.
An assistant district attorney from 1984 to 1986, he was dismissed after having changed the date on a photograph being used as evidence in a case.
He declined comment when asked by reporters after yesterday's game whether by taking this stance he was giving the owners' chief negotiator, Richard Ravitch, a vote of confidence.
Year after year if your store doesn't get the customers, you move it or you close it.'' Steinbrenner said he doesn't consider the Expos ``truly a small-market club.'' ``If anyone deserves the fans' support,'' he said, ``it's Montreal.
Here he is, after all these years, and now this.'' Steinbrenner also reiterated his stance concerning owners being present at the bargaining table.
 (BC-GLF-PGA-NYT) There is never a winner after the first round of a golf tournament, but a definite favorite emerged after Thursday's opening act of the P.G.A. Championship.
Watson missed three short putts, including a 2{-footer for birdie after nailing a 2-iron to the flagstick at the 215-yard eighth hole, and Montgomerie missed four very makable birdie putts that could have given him a big head start on the field.
By the time he was 30, after serving as law clerk to Supreme Court Justice Sherman Minton and as a young associate in Arthur Goldberg's Chicago law firm, Mikva had won election to the Illinois House.
But doesn't the current free-agent system, in which players auction themselves off after six seasons, lend itself to out-of-control bidding wars -- and aren't those bids deemed necessary to produce championship clubs?
``This party is like a floating log,'' one of its senior officials said, trying to explain how embittered older leaders of the PRI could have united around Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de Leon, the 42-year-old economist whose candidacy many of them tried to block after the assassination of Luis Donaldo Colosio on March 23.
Colosio, who was made head of the PRI after Salinas took office as president, had a vision for its revival.
Hutu won control of Rwanda after independence and held on to political power almost exclusively until last month, when the Tutsi-dominated Rwandan Patriotic Front took control In Burundi, Tutsi controlled the government and the army until 1993, when the first Hutu president, Melchior Ndadaye, was elected.
But doesn't the current free-agent system, in which players auction themselves off after six seasons, lend itself to out-of-control bidding wars -- and aren't those bids deemed necessary to produce championship clubs?
But doesn't the current free-agent system, in which players auction themselves off after six seasons, lend itself to out-of-control bidding wars -- and aren't those bids deemed necessary to produce championship clubs?
BASEBALL IS GIVEN STOP SIGN AS STRIKE HOUR APPROACHES NEW YORK  (BC-BBO-LABOR-600-(2TAKES)-NYT) With the two sides in baseball's labor dispute so far apart and rigid in their positions, major league players prepared to strike after Thursday night's games, shutting down the season with the eighth work stoppage in 23 contentious seasons.
The group was said to have considered proposing that the union agree to eliminate salary arbitration in exchange for the owners' granting free agency to players after three years of major league service, instead of the current six years, with no restrictions.
When Kovner was born in 1937, Ms. Spivack was a lawyer in the Law Department and attended his brith milah, the religious rite of circumcision on the eigth day after birth.
Anderson said there won't be a repeat of last year's surprise revival of the cotton crop after many experts had also predicted severe losses from drought and hail.
Thursday's vote became possible after Sen.
``I think it would be advisable that we not go forward with the remaining business,'' a glum House Majority Leader Richard Gephardt of Missouri announced minutes after the vote.
At one point in the debate, after angry Democrats had accused Republicans of playing politics with the crime issue, Armey further inflamed passions by denying the allegation with a dig at Clinton.
TREASURY PRICES DROP ON RATE SPECULATION NEW YORK  (BC-CREDIT-NYT) Treasury prices fell sharply Thursday, after two government economic reports increased speculation that the Federal Reserve was ready to raise interest rates again.
On the other hand, depriving them of the recess week after week, with no certainty as to when they can vote, is only angering them, some lawmakers said.
12 and last until after Labor Day.
Fredrickson, the Raiders' first-round draft choice out of Michigan State, has officially been with the team for 25 days after signing a five-year, $4.875-million contract on July 19.
At Michigan State, he was named third-team All-America by Football News after leading the team with 98 tackles (74 solo).
So on Thursday, several members said after the meeting, they went back to basics and began discussing what an acceptable health insurance bill should contain, not how to achieve it.
Bob Kerrey, D-Neb., predicted after leaving Thursday's meeting that ``the mainstream group is going to work with Mitchell,'' by offering amendments to reduce bureaucracy and ``taking away the argument that this is a government takeover.'' Chafee said the group expected to meet again Friday morning and to be able to announce its position later in the day.
Just when he needed to start building momentum for the forthcoming votes on health care legislation, just when his party needed a victory to give it a bit of a boost heading into this fall's elections, just when the White House staff needed to have its spirits restored after the blow it took last week with the change of Whitewater prosecutors, something else went wrong.
It is never easy for legislators to pick themselves up after a defeat like this one -- especially since it came by such a relatively narrow margin.
However, despite two impressive singles victories in Davis Cup against the Netherlands after Wimbledon and a semifinal finish in the Canadian Open two weeks ago, Courier is still looking for his first tournament title of the year.
Nothing much has gone Pioline's way after his unexpected run to the U.S. Open final a year ago.
``We can do better than this,'' he said in an appearance at the White House after the vote, ``and I want the Congress and the House to go back to work tomorrow and figure out how to save the elements of this bill.'' In a signal that Mr. Clinton was determined to fight back, the White House announced abruptly Thursday night that he would travel to Minneapolis on Friday to address a gathering of the National Association of Police Officers.
Representative Newt Gingrich, the Republican whip, warned after the vote that if the Democrats continued on what he described as a narrow partisan road, ``they will frankly lose the health bill in the same manner they lost this.'' Democrats were so stunned at their loss that they could hardly explain their gross miscalculation.
Asked why the measure was brought up Thursday afternoon, after two earlier postponements Thursday, without having the votes in hand, Mr. Schumer said, ``We thought we did.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
When the clock stopped, after giving members their traditional 15 minutes to vote, the vote was tied at 199 to 199.
Stock and bond markets fell after the release of Thursday's economic reports, with the Dow Jones industrial average falling 15.86 points to close at 3,750.90, while the interest rate on 30-year Treasury bonds rose to 7.65 percent, from 7.57 percent.
But producer prices for so-called intermediate goods, like lumber and paperboard, rose four-tenths of a percent in July after an increase of six-tenths of a percent in June, a pattern that several analysts called an ominous harbinger of possible consumer price increases ahead.
YANKEES DEFEATED BY BLUE JAYS IN LAST GAME BEFORE SCHEDULED STRIKE NEW YORK  (BC-BBA-YANKS-JAYS-NYT) Telephone numbers were exchanged, the autographed baseballs nearly outnumbered the unautographed balls and the depressing clubhouse resembled a baggage carousel after the Yankees played possibly the last game of what has so far been a magical season.
Major league baseball in the Bronx disappeared on Thursday after the Yankees joined the scheduled players' strike, turning the potential magic into something that could be tragic, at least in Yankee vernacular.
``Are you,'' he wondered, ``supposed to give your hat away after the game or something?'' That happens after the last game of the season, Buck.
Entering what was probably the sport's final regular-season game Thursday night in Oakland, the Mariners were 2{ games from the division lead despite a season of breathtaking wretchedness that had them 15 games below .500 even after the wholly unexpected burst of competence.
Hey, the lords say, maybe old Marx and Lenin had a couple of good ideas, after all.
The new charges against Lemrick Nelson, 18, who moved to the suburbs of Atlanta after his 1992 trial, came just days before the third anniversary of the racial unrest that tarnished the image of Mayor David Dinkins and came to be a major campaign issue between him and his victorious challenger, Rudolph Giuliani.
The case against Nelson began in 1991 after a Hasidic driver lost control of his car and slammed onto a sidewalk, killing Gavin Cato, a 7-year-old black boy.
Asked if Nelson would be in New York on Friday, Axam said, ``No, he will not.'' Asked if his client would be in Georgia, he said, ``I don't know.'' Nelson, who police said was found just after the fatal stabbing with a bloody knife in his pocket, was tried on four counts of murder and manslaughter in the death of Yankel Rosenbaum, 29, in 1991.
It came 23 days after the jury of nine women and three men began deliberations on claims of damages by more than 10,000 fishermen working the waters of Prince William Sound, Cook Inlet, and Kodiak Island.
I want to do something in a major this year.'' Mickelson returned to the PGA Tour after a 12-week absence at the Colonial -- he finished eighth -- and is playing with a metal rod in his left leg.
	Markets 	Stock prices fell after a report showing producer prices rose in July stoked concern that the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates next week.
	Treasury prices fell sharply, after two government reports stirred talk that the Fed was ready to raise rates again.
	Futures traders were stunned by a government projection, released after the market closed, for a huge cotton harvest.
	Columns 	Share prices of small-cap stocks appear to be on the rebound, after six months of poor performance.
Dinkins, who held Rosenbaum's hand in the hospital shortly after the attack -- and heard doctors' assurances that he would live -- never expected that an undetected stab wound would allow the internal bleeding that contributed to his death.
The only thing we could come up with is this guy possibly drowned.'' A newspaper delivery driver who saw the car after the accident pulled the man from the car.
A year after arriving in New York City for medical treatment, Mirza is ``essentially cured,'' his doctor, Aaron Rasmussen said.
But after the boy and his grandfather, a farmer, reached Croatia, they realized Mirza could not get the help he needed there.
LOBBYING Members of the American Association of Retired Persons jammed its switchboard with irate calls after the group's board of directors endorsed Democratic health bills.
The arrests today came a day after two other high-ranking members of the Lucchese family in New Jersey were sentenced to long prison terms.
``I don't think anybody in this room is going to just go on vacation.'' Valdes demoted: As expected, 20-year-old rookie pitcher Ismael Valdes (3-1, 3.18 ERA and 28 strikeouts in 281/3 innings) caught a break of sorts by getting a demotion to Class-AAA Albuquerque after Thursday's game.
The widely cited cost estimate of $30 million -- four times the budget of Woodstock '69 after adjustments for inflation -- may seem high at first glance.
Hence, simple arithmetic suggests that Woodstock '94 could be in the red after the last ticket has been sold and the last slice of pizza is swallowed.
Roughly half of that will be left after the distributors are paid.
The widely cited cost estimate of $30 million -- four times the budget of Woodstock '69 after adjustments for inflation -- may seem high at first glance.
Hence, simple arithmetic suggests that Woodstock '94 could be in the red after the last ticket has been sold and the last slice of pizza is swallowed.
Roughly half of that will be left after the distributors are paid.
The meet, organized by Dr. Leroy Walker, president of the U.S. Olympic Committee and Lamine Diack, president of the African Amateur Athletics Confederation, was resurrected after a 12-year hiatus.
	Avrett Free was awarded the account after a four-month review that included two other finalists, Grey Advertising and Lord, Dentsu & Partners, both of New York.
	Hill, Holliday Direct was awarded the account of the health maintenance organization after a four-month review that began with 25 agencies and was narrowed to Hill, Holliday Direct; Rapp Collins, and four other undisclosed finalists.
 (BC-RAC-HORSECOLUMN-LADN) Nearly a year after its untimely demise, the American Championship Racing Series' impact can be judged more clearly than ever.
An assistant district attorney from 1984 to 1986, he was dismissed after having changed the date on a photograph being used as evidence in a case.
The cause was complications after an unspecified illness, Adelphi officials said.
Lefkowitz, an associate of Starr's, said in an interview that members of the group saw Starr on television in May shortly after Ms. Jones filed her lawsuit.
District Judge Henry Woods said in an order signed on Wednesday and received by the law firm on Thursday that the firm's suit was premature and could be filed only after the government sought to enforce its subpoena for the records in federal court.
13 broadcast of its TV movie ``The O.J. Simpson Story'' until after the trial.
``He was released several hours after surgery and returned to the L.A. County jail facility under the care of the jail ward co-chief physicians.'' Huizenga said he has been assured Simpson will receive ``regular nursing checks, regularly scheduled and monitored oral narcotic analgesia and proper hygiene including a clean cell and fresh linen.'' 
Foreigners, after all, have won seven of golf's nine majors dating back to 1992.
``If I don't win, I don't care who does,'' said Couples, who returned in June after missing 15 weeks because of a back injury.
I don't get too high after a birdie or too low after a bogey,'' said Price, who has won three Professional Golfers' Association Tour events this season in addition to his British Open title.
On Thursday, Price took a while to get started -- he 3-putted the first hole for a bogey -- but ranged from steady to great after that.
The Chiefs last season had an offense crying for a receiver to make a play after a catch.
He's good at dragging his feet in bounds after a catch along the sideline.
``I always tried to take my time to work on my skills as much as possible, whether that was staying after practice catching 50 extra balls or working on a route I had messed up in the course of that day.
That was because he worked hard on all of his skills -- coming back to the ball, looking the ball all the way in, running hard after a catch.
The first Pride Petroleum worker who entered the well should have been wearing a safety harness that would have allowed his removal after an injury, said company vice president Mike Furrow on Thursday.
Instead, two other men died after they descended into the well to rescue their co-worker, who was overcome by what is believed to be hydrogen sulfide gas.
``As ruthless as it sounds, when the first guy went down, our policy says do not go after him unless you have the proper safety equipment.
He was the first to die Wednesday after he was overcome by fumes.
The action follows harsh Cuban complaints after four hijackings of vessels in Cuba in the last two weeks by people who made the 90-mile run to Florida.
The 20 passengers were held at a immigrant center in South Florida for processing under a program that, after a year, permits Cubans to seek permanent residency in the United States.
Justice Department officials said on Thursday that each hijacking had been investigated but that no action had ever been taken after such seizures.
And when Thursday night's game against the Phillies came to a conclusion -- with the Phillies winning, 2-1, in 15 innings, Segui, the New York Mets' outfielder/first baseman, changed out of his uniform and headed out of the clubhouse with the intention of driving 19-plus hours to his home in Kansas City, Mo. In the past, when he played for Baltimore, Segui made the drive after the final game of each season.
``I don't think I'll have to turn around.'' The scene was odd and awkward in the visitors' clubhouse, where many of the Mets said goodbye to each other after playing the 113th game of what is supposed to be a 162-game season.
A return to Los Angeles after their 2-0 victory over the Cincinnati Reds was the only certain stop left on their 1994 itinerary.
Their NL West lead grew to 3{ games after Ramon Martinez finished a seven-hit, seven-strikeout shutout of the Reds that improved his record to 12-7.
Martinez, pitching just four days after the birth of his first daughter, has won four consecutive starts for the first time since 1991 and took over the National League lead in shutouts.
Rick Ivie, the lead attorney representing the school district, said Thursday that Davies awarded the district the amount it requested after ruling the lawsuit against the district was frivolous.
The first Pride Petroleum worker who entered the well should have been wearing a safety harness that would have allowed his removal after an injury, said company vice president Mike Furrow on Thursday.
Instead, two other men died after they descended into the well to rescue their co-worker, who was overcome by what is believed to be hydrogen sulfide gas.
``As ruthless as it sounds, when the first guy went down, our policy says do not go after him unless you have the proper safety equipment.
He was the first to die Wednesday after he was overcome by fumes.
This seems to be a particularly thorny problem for the Dodgers, who paid Darryl Strawberry $4 million after he did not show up for work because he was on drugs.
``I've been warned a couple of times,'' Washington said Thursday after his hit sent ailing receiver Alvin Harper to the ground and then to the sideline.
``They are all one team,'' Switzer said after practice, ``but they are two groups within one team.
BASEBALL GOES ON STRIKE NEW YORK  (BC-BBO-LABOR-1STLD-WRITETHRU-2TAKES-NYT) With the two sides in baseball's labor dispute far apart and rigid in their positions, major league players went on strike after Thursday night's games, shutting down the season with the eighth work stoppage in 23 seasons.
The players, who want to maintain the existing free-market system, are striking because they are certain the owners would impose their salary cap in the off season after declaring and impasse in negotiations.
The group, meeting by telephone conference call Wednesday evening, was said to have considered proposing that the union agree to eliminate salary arbitration in exchange for the owners' granting free agency to players after three years of major league service, instead of the current six years, with no restrictions.
She managed to break Grossman back once, in the second game, after which the Ohioan walked back to the scoreboard, gave it a light kick and gave herself a silent lecture.
The Defense Department may be buying far less military equipment than it did during the Cold War; the 1994 allocation of $44 billion was about half the 1988 figure, after allowing for inflation.
Brown will not comment on a proposed code of conduct for recipients of American weapons, known as McKinney-Hatfield after its congressional co-sponsors.
The Defense Department may be buying far less military equipment than it did during the Cold War; the 1994 allocation of $44 billion was about half the 1988 figure, after allowing for inflation.
Brown will not comment on a proposed code of conduct for recipients of American weapons, known as McKinney-Hatfield after its congressional co-sponsors.
The Defense Department may be buying far less military equipment than it did during the Cold War; the 1994 allocation of $44 billion was about half the 1988 figure, after allowing for inflation.
Brown will not comment on a proposed code of conduct for recipients of American weapons, known as McKinney-Hatfield after its congressional co-sponsors.
12, the players were due to strike for the eighth time in 22 years -- this time to prevent the owners from imposing a cap on team salaries after the end of the season.
CBS lost an estimated $500 million on its four-year $1.1 billion contract for televising baseball, which expired after the 1993 season.
Draftees can now become ``free agents'' after five years in the majors, and able to negotiate their terms of employment with any club that wants them.
12, the players were due to strike for the eighth time in 22 years -- this time to prevent the owners from imposing a cap on team salaries after the end of the season.
CBS lost an estimated $500 million on its four-year $1.1 billion contract for televising baseball, which expired after the 1993 season.
Draftees can now become ``free agents'' after five years in the majors, and able to negotiate their terms of employment with any club that wants them.
12, the players were due to strike for the eighth time in 22 years -- this time to prevent the owners from imposing a cap on team salaries after the end of the season.
CBS lost an estimated $500 million on its four-year $1.1 billion contract for televising baseball, which expired after the 1993 season.
Draftees can now become ``free agents'' after five years in the majors, and able to negotiate their terms of employment with any club that wants them.
The reparations idea reflects the frustration of many black Americans that, 40 years after the historic decision to desegregate America's schools, and 30 years after the 1964 Civil Rights Act, blacks still lag behind other Americans in income, employment and education.
Moreover, most of today's Americans are the descendants of people who came to the United States after slavery ended.
They know that history has been appallingly cruel to black Americans; but it is unlikely that most Vietnamese- or Russian- or Mexican-Americans, or even blacks whose families arrived in freedom after 1865, feel culpable about slavery.
The reparations idea reflects the frustration of many black Americans that, 40 years after the historic decision to desegregate America's schools, and 30 years after the 1964 Civil Rights Act, blacks still lag behind other Americans in income, employment and education.
Moreover, most of today's Americans are the descendants of people who came to the United States after slavery ended.
They know that history has been appallingly cruel to black Americans; but it is unlikely that most Vietnamese- or Russian- or Mexican-Americans, or even blacks whose families arrived in freedom after 1865, feel culpable about slavery.
Shortly after their pitch to a client, they break into its voice-mail system and cause havoc.
Shortly after their pitch to a client, they break into its voice-mail system and cause havoc.
Shortly after their pitch to a client, they break into its voice-mail system and cause havoc.
The players unofficially began their strike at 9:45 p.m. Thursday, after pinch-hitter Ernie Young made the final out of the Seattle Mariners' 8-1 win over the A's.
La Russa met with his players after the game, and -- without picking sides on the strike issue -- he had a message: See what you have and like it.
The lights went out on all of baseball at the Oakland Coliseum after the Mariners knocked off the A's, and only God, the team owners and Donald Fehr know when they will flicker back on.
Then it was, `Let's play baseball.''' The bad news is, in this case, after a month there will be almost no incentive to play the rest of the season.
In Texas they are already making preparations to slash Rangers full-time employees by 10 percent by September 1, and by 15 percent after that.
The debate comes after a year of campaigning by Bill and Hillary Clinton, millions of dollars-worth of advertising and lobbying, and endless wrangling by five Capitol Hill committees.
The debate comes after a year of campaigning by Bill and Hillary Clinton, millions of dollars-worth of advertising and lobbying, and endless wrangling by five Capitol Hill committees.
The debate comes after a year of campaigning by Bill and Hillary Clinton, millions of dollars-worth of advertising and lobbying, and endless wrangling by five Capitol Hill committees.
Twenty five years after Woodstock, it is the new counterculture.
She was inspired after conducting a sex education survey among teenage girls and discovering that 82 percent complained that what they wanted to know above all was how to say ``No'' when pressured.
Twenty five years after Woodstock, it is the new counterculture.
She was inspired after conducting a sex education survey among teenage girls and discovering that 82 percent complained that what they wanted to know above all was how to say ``No'' when pressured.
	Airheads PG-13 	As sweet and dumb as a surfer after a day of bitchin' curls, this very slight slacker satire stars Brendan Fraser, Adam Sandler and Steve Buscemi as rock star wannabes who try to get airplay by arming themselves with toy guns and busting into the booth of their favorite DJ (Joe Mantegna as a sympathetic Beatles-era rebel).
But even after 50 years, it's still the same old story: a boy and his wonder-dog.
	Philadelphia PG- 13 	Tom Hanks gives an Oscar-winning performance as a fast-track lawyer who sues his former firm after being fired for incompetence after he discovers he's HIV-positive.
If I were to act that way every time I screwed up a shot, I would spend half my time on the course imitating Adolf Hitler right after he heard the news that Allied Forces had landed at Omaha Beach.
I pressed him for details right after hitting an errant tee shot that nearly bonked a foursome on the next fairway over.
Also, Bob said, after hitting a perfect approach shot that landed five feet from the pin from 140 yards out, Rush didn't like the high hairline on the first prototype, so a new wig had to be made that reduced the amount of forehead.
PRODUCT PLACEMENT: We have no reports on how well Dr Pepper has fared since Tom Hanks downed a few six packs of the soft drink in the hit film ``Forrest Gump,'' but sales of the children's paperback ``Curious George'' were up 25 percent in the first three weeks of July after the 1941 classic was shown in the movie.
Children were deemed to have been subjected to maternal rejection if they were unplanned and not wanted; if their mothers considered aborting during pregnancy; if they were abused or institutionalized after birth; or if they were removed to other families for at least four months in the first year of life.
DELTA COUNTING HEAVILY ON NEW VICE PRESIDENTS ATLANTA  (BC-DELTA-VPS-COX) The five vice presidents recruited by Delta Air Lines from other companies will play big roles in the outcome of the company's effort to streamline and regain sustained profitability after more than $1.5 billion in losses.
They were on hand to pay their final respects to the game and among those who showered Greg Swindell with boos after he allowed a two-run homer to Derek Bell in the opening inning.
One day after Cotton Bowl officials announced their hopes of locking up the highest-ranked Big 12 team available for a New Year's Day bowl, Alamo Bowl directors met in San Antonio and stressed they don't plan to sit idly by during the courting process for non-Tier I matchups.
When the TV deal expired after 1989, the networks slashed their contribution by nearly 50 per cent and the money machine was broke.
When the basic agreement expired after the 1992 season, management took 18 months to come up with a proposal for a new contract for the players.
A week after changing the rules -- and 18 months after the old agreement expired -- the owners made their proposal to the players, with the salary cap included.
And they expected a quick counter-proposal from the players -- after they took 18 months.
In the days since making their first offer, management has made one faux pas after another.
But the game is bigger than guys going after records and the success of individual teams,'' Boone said.
Farid Jarboua, a 28-year-old resident of Rafah refugee camp accused of collaborating with the Israelis during the occupation, died after he was allegedly beaten during interrogation and denied medical attention.
The Defense Department may be buying far less military equipment than it did during the Cold War; the 1994 allocation of $44 billion was about half the 1988 figure, after allowing for inflation.
Brown will not comment on a proposed code of conduct for recipients of American weapons, known as McKinney-Hatfield after its congressional co-sponsors.
The Defense Department may be buying far less military equipment than it did during the Cold War; the 1994 allocation of $44 billion was about half the 1988 figure, after allowing for inflation.
Brown will not comment on a proposed code of conduct for recipients of American weapons, known as McKinney-Hatfield after its congressional co-sponsors.
The Defense Department may be buying far less military equipment than it did during the Cold War; the 1994 allocation of $44 billion was about half the 1988 figure, after allowing for inflation.
Brown will not comment on a proposed code of conduct for recipients of American weapons, known as McKinney-Hatfield after its congressional co-sponsors.
12, the players were due to strike for the eighth time in 22 years -- this time to prevent the owners from imposing a cap on team salaries after the end of the season.
CBS lost an estimated $500 million on its four-year $1.1 billion contract for televising baseball, which expired after the 1993 season.
Draftees can now become ``free agents'' after five years in the majors, and able to negotiate their terms of employment with any club that wants them.
12, the players were due to strike for the eighth time in 22 years -- this time to prevent the owners from imposing a cap on team salaries after the end of the season.
CBS lost an estimated $500 million on its four-year $1.1 billion contract for televising baseball, which expired after the 1993 season.
Draftees can now become ``free agents'' after five years in the majors, and able to negotiate their terms of employment with any club that wants them.
12, the players were due to strike for the eighth time in 22 years -- this time to prevent the owners from imposing a cap on team salaries after the end of the season.
CBS lost an estimated $500 million on its four-year $1.1 billion contract for televising baseball, which expired after the 1993 season.
Draftees can now become ``free agents'' after five years in the majors, and able to negotiate their terms of employment with any club that wants them.
The reparations idea reflects the frustration of many black Americans that, 40 years after the historic decision to desegregate America's schools, and 30 years after the 1964 Civil Rights Act, blacks still lag behind other Americans in income, employment and education.
Moreover, most of today's Americans are the descendants of people who came to the United States after slavery ended.
They know that history has been appallingly cruel to black Americans; but it is unlikely that most Vietnamese- or Russian- or Mexican-Americans, or even blacks whose families arrived in freedom after 1865, feel culpable about slavery.
The reparations idea reflects the frustration of many black Americans that, 40 years after the historic decision to desegregate America's schools, and 30 years after the 1964 Civil Rights Act, blacks still lag behind other Americans in income, employment and education.
Moreover, most of today's Americans are the descendants of people who came to the United States after slavery ended.
They know that history has been appallingly cruel to black Americans; but it is unlikely that most Vietnamese- or Russian- or Mexican-Americans, or even blacks whose families arrived in freedom after 1865, feel culpable about slavery.
Shortly after their pitch to a client, they break into its voice-mail system and cause havoc.
Shortly after their pitch to a client, they break into its voice-mail system and cause havoc.
Shortly after their pitch to a client, they break into its voice-mail system and cause havoc.
The debate comes after a year of campaigning by Bill and Hillary Clinton, millions of dollars-worth of advertising and lobbying, and endless wrangling by five Capitol Hill committees.
The debate comes after a year of campaigning by Bill and Hillary Clinton, millions of dollars-worth of advertising and lobbying, and endless wrangling by five Capitol Hill committees.
The debate comes after a year of campaigning by Bill and Hillary Clinton, millions of dollars-worth of advertising and lobbying, and endless wrangling by five Capitol Hill committees.
Twenty five years after Woodstock, it is the new counterculture.
She was inspired after conducting a sex education survey among teenage girls and discovering that 82 percent complained that what they wanted to know above all was how to say ``No'' when pressured.
Twenty five years after Woodstock, it is the new counterculture.
She was inspired after conducting a sex education survey among teenage girls and discovering that 82 percent complained that what they wanted to know above all was how to say ``No'' when pressured.
He did so after having to write about a previous trip using only receipts, tickets and a few notes to jog his memory.
``They enjoyed exploring those topics and after the year was over some of them kept it up.'' Bakes, 41, encouraged the diaries because of her own experience with them, she says.
A remote outpost in Oman on the Arabian Peninsula, Ubar thrived on the trade of frankincense centuries before and after the birth of Christ.
WOMAN'S DREAM GIVES WING TO 50-YEAR CAREER AS A FLIGHT ATTENDANT ABOARD AMERICAN AIRLINES FLIGHT 61 TO TOKYO  (BC-50YEARSOFFLYING-960(3Takes)-TEX) Just after takeoff, flight attendant Juanita Carmichael slowly walks the length of the 245-passenger jet, from first class through business to coach, garnering applause and congratulations as she goes.
Until the '60s, most were required to find another job after they turned 32.
ABOARD AMERICAN AIRLINES FLIGHT 61 TO TOKYO:  (BC-50YEARSOFFLYING-2ndTake-TEX) A few weeks after graduating from college with an education degree in 1944, Carmichael landed an interview with American Airlines recruiters.
It was grueling, sometimes dangerous work -- her plane once took off from Saigon under fire, and another time the hangar was hit by a bomb an hour after they took off -- but she loved serving her country and the soldiers.
``Not that we wanted them to be over there, exactly, but to be able to go over there and help bring them back safely -- I loved being a part of that.'' RESISTING A FLIGHT DETOUR Shortly after she turned 30, Carmichael faced the only real threat to her career.
She usually stays in Euless the night after returning to DFW, going back to Florida the next day.
``I've never wanted to do anything else.'' EMERGENCY LANDING Carmichael's colleagues and supervisors planned a whole weekend in early July to coincide with the actual date of her 50-year anniversary: a celebration during this working trip to Japan and a party at the airport the day after she returned.
The jet begins to lurch slightly -- just enough to be noticeable, though not enough to wake up passengers who'd dropped to sleep the instant after takeoff.
But today?'' Clearly disappointed, and worried about how the delay may affect the party scheduled for the day after her return, Carmichael still remains cheerful.
Even when a half-dozen fire trucks and emergency vehicles zip up to the jet just after landing -- a standard precaution, passengers are told -- she keeps smiling and chatting.
The nature of the competitive environment makes (the news media) go after everything.
He continued to study music, and graduated from the University of Toronto, after which he was hired by the producers of ``Godspell'' to be the music director.
Shandling promptly hires Snyder to host a show following ``Larry Sanders,'' and we are left with the (very funny) impression -- after Snyder innocently mentions that he never talked to Letterman's people -- that Larry was set up by Letterman, who never had any intention of hiring Snyder.
Now we are opening that space.'' Alvarez, one of the convention vice presidents, said delegates resolved to launch an immediate national organizing campaign and, after the August elections, decide what to do next.
John Ross, a veteran political journalist covering the convention, said he ``wouldn't be surprised to see six or seven conventions springing up all over Mexico after the elections, all claiming to carry on the true line of this event.'' A basic question is whether peaceful political work can be successful, said Severo Escudero, a union activist from Mexico City.
Carl Levin, D-Mich., said earlier that the Air Force bonus pay to top officers ``sends the wrong signal.'' Levin said he is concerned that the allure of the all-volunteer force is waning and that morale is low after almost a decade of budget cuts.
Even after the crash that cut stock prices by more than a third in the space of two months, he argued that stocks were too expensive; he would wait for bargains like those he saw back in 1982.
Indeed, Mark Hulbert, who has been tracking Allmon's recommendations for 14 years, ranks him second, after Martin Zweig, over that period among newsletter writers when his performance is adjusted for the low level of risk he has taken.
``Everyone over 65 or 70 is scared to death.'' They cannot afford to lose capital, he points out, because it can take years to recoup losses, as it did after 1974.
What, asks the aide, did Abraham Lincoln do after leaving the White House?
SHARPER IMAGE DECIDES ITS OWN STOCK IS ITS BEST INVESTMENT SAN FRANCISCO  (BC-SHARPER-STOCK-HNS) Sharper Image Corp., which rose to prominence selling zany, high-end gifts, is making a turnaround after a string of unprofitable years.
In July, Sharper Image reported that its same-store sales grew 17.7 percent over the same period in 1993, part of a general upswing that has raised the company's fortunes after a downturn that began in 1991.
Two-thirds relapse soon after attempting to quit; only a small percentage remain off cigarettes after a year.
When Vladimir Horowitz decided to return to the concert stage in 1962 after several years of retirement, he had his own Steinway delivered to Quisisana so he could practice there.
Performances take place, usually an hour or two after dinner, in the music hall, a lakeside building lined with windows that provide a lovely view of the lake and the Presidential range beyond.
Many return year after year, saying the place has become a part of their lives.
And after the passage of a generation, the people getting the preferences are not necessarily, as indivduals, the victims of discrimination, and the people who are losing their rights are not, as individuals, necessarily guilty of discrimination themselves or the beneficiaries of discrimination in the past.
But if the criterion for favored treatment in America is prior mistreatment elsewhere in the world, why don't we have it for Polish Jews, or what small remnant of them were still alive after the fall of the Third Reich?
12  (BC-WORLD-BRIEFS-NYT) With his right-wing coalition divided and the lira tumbling, Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi suffered new embarrassment Fridayy after a Cabinet minister asserted that ``New York's Jewish lobby'' was behind the currency's fall.
	Mastella issued a formal apology after several newspapers reported that he had made the remark.
	They were not warm, two days after the AARP announced support for the Democrats' health care bills.
Pat Schroeder, D-Colo., after a closed Democratic caucus Friday.
The first time I saw Mattingly as a rookie, I said, `Nobody will ever wear that uniform after him.' I just knew.'' I hated to break into this stream of Yankee consciousness, but good old Mattingly was already on his way home to Indiana, the season in tatters.
I am a lawyer, after all, and not everybody can do what I can do.
I'm a big Giant fan, but the day after the Super Bowl, I don't think about football until the next season.
Who knows?'' After driving to his home on Staten Island from Philadelphia after the Mets' 15-inning, 2-1 loss to the Phillies Thursday night, Franco slept in, as usual, Friday morning, then made a trip to Shea Stadium to collect a few more belongings from the locker he had started to empty on the Mets' last homestand.
For Franco, the packing was somewhat bittersweet because, as a free agent after this season, he is not certain he ever will pitch for the Mets again.
It may be uncomfortable after you've slept on it for all those years, but bohemians aren't supposed to sleep anyway, and after the first few wild parties, you won't care.
He joined Kyuss two days after its breakthrough album, ``Blues for the Red Sun,'' came out.
It recounts Ms. Fuller's experiences after agreeing to put Davis up for a night during a 1985 New York hotel strike, only to find herself in a real-life version of ``The Man Who Came to Dinner'' as the actress lingered for 32 days.
21 at the Ballroom, also features Randy Allen, who impersonated Davis in his recent one-man show, ``P.S. Bette Davis.'' The ``P.S.'' stands for ``post-stroke.'' Five years after the actress's death and more than 40 years since her peak as a top box office attraction, the Bette Davis mystique continues to fascinate.
It's not an obvious hit, but Seal feels it was the right song after three years' absence.
Clicking on bright blue floor space will take them to the art gallery, mixing room or chill-out room, where people recover after a frantically paced night on the dance floor.
With a cup of coffee in one hand you reach for your phone to retrieve the two dozen voice mail messages that accumulated after you left for a long weekend.
ITALIAN GOVERNMENT HIT WITH EMBARRASSMENT OF `JEWISH LOBBY' ASSERTION ROME  (BC-ITALY-POLITICS-NYT) With his right-wing coalition divided and the lira tumbling, Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi suffered new embarrassment Friday after a Cabinet minister asserted that ``New York's Jewish lobby'' was behind the currency's fall.
Mastella issued a formal apology after several newspapers reported Friday that he had made the remark.
Founded after World War II by sympathizers of Mussolini, its inclusion in the Italian government for the first time since the war has stirred wide concern in Europe.
It is a fine line Zedillo has been walking since becoming the stand-in candidate of the Institutional Revolutionary Party six days after two bullets fired by a young factory laborer in Tijuana killed Colosio and threatened an end to the unbroken, 65-year string of PRI presidential victories.
Zedillo may not be as charismatic and dynamic a speaker as Colosio, but a recent campaign swing through the states of Tamaulipas, San Luis Potosi and Veracruz showed he is gaining supporters who were left in a quandary after Colosio was assassinated.
In the movie, Felix's Jewish grandparents are very much modeled after the director's Hungarian grandparents.
Less than 24 hours after it appeared, the Paris Opera issued a statement ``regretting'' that Chung had refused to renegotiate his contract and announcing that he was no longer its music director.
Bargain hunting after Thursday's drop and comments by an analyst that the stock market should carry a bullish tone the rest of the year also provided support, he said.
Nearly three years after Father Aristide was ousted by the military, no one here ventures to predict how much longer the country can withstand that economic isolation before a breaking point is reached.
The numbers of Haitian boat people, which topped 2,000 a day in late June, fell off sharply by early July, after the White House reversed its policy and declared that the boat people would no longer be eligible to enter the United States as refugees.
Prosecutors have been trying to show that Simpson had enough time to commit the crime, then return to his home two miles away to meet a limousine that left shortly after 11 p.m. to take him to the airport for an 11:45 flight to Chicago.
SIGHTED WITHOUT IT -- In June, after fierce bidding at the Las Vegas auction of Elvis Presley's 1973 American Express credit card, John Corbett of the ``Northern Exposure'' television series, was the winner.
If the strike cancels 20 games, fans will not show up for the first 20 games after the strike.
The new ``independent'' counsel assigned to investigate the maze of questions collectively known as Whitewater came under more fire after it was learned that the chief judge in the three-judge panel who named Kenneth Starr met with a conservative Republican senator who wanted a more partisan investigator.
You come home, and everything looks dreary after a few duty-free days somewhere else.
``Everything moved very quickly after that.'' Santana twice declined invitations to play this weekend's Woodstock '94 show in Saugerties, N.Y., because there originally were no ethnic performers on the bill.
But after Senegalese singer Youssou N'Dour, the Neville Brothers and Jimmy Cliff's Reggae Jam (with Rita Marley, Diana King, Worl-a-Girl and Eek-a-Mouse) were added, Santana agreed to perform Sunday.
It can't be such a bimbo place after all!''' Fleischmann said.
``I never thought fashion was something people should die over,'' dress designer and heroine Karen Kahn says after a trip to a sweat shop.
But after a moment, she pulled herself together.'' Smart readers will pull themselves together and head back to the bookstore.
Nearly a year after Clinton urged Congress to put politics aside in overhauling the nation's health-care system, the gulf between Republicans and Democrats is wider than ever.
After she left the government in 1985, she took graduate courses at Catholic University in family mediation and conflict resolution, after which she worked as a mediator for the District of Columbia's Superior Court and various social agencies and sat on the district's Civilian Complaint Review Board.
Now, 16 years after their union, she is poised and sophisticated, facing the possibility that, at 33, she will become Mexico's first lady.
Not only the crime package is on the line, but also health care reform and the Democrats' control of Congress after the fall elections.
The constitution bars a president from running for re-election after serving a single six-year term.
The three-day festival, which opened Friday with a bill of local bands and lesser-known acts, was scheduled to end late Sunday night or early Monday morning after the final performer, Peter Gabriel, leaves the stage.
The issue began to unfold July 1, one day after President Clinton signed into law a measure reauthorizing the independent counsel statute, when Ms. Reno asked the three-judge panel to appoint Fiske under the revived law.
``The frantic and desperate criticism by the White House and its representatives over the appointment of an independent counsel shows how very worried they are, now that they have lost control over the investigation since their handpicked special counsel was rejected.'' The Post account said that an unidentified person notified reporters after seeing Sentelle and Faircloth in an animated discussion, with the Senator doing most of the talking, as the two men boarded a tram under the Capitol complex.
TREASURY PRICES UP AMID NEWS OF MODEST CONSUMER PRICE RISE NEW YORK  (BC-CREDIT-NYT) Prices of Treasury securities rose Friday for the first time in five days after the Consumer Price Index report showed that prices were up only modestly in July.
Frankenberg, 47, a former executive of Hewlett-Packard Co., joined Novell shortly after Noorda engineered the acquisition of The WordPerfect Corp.
Studies in four hard-hit African countries found that there was an explosion of new infections during the first three or four years of the epidemic, after which it stabilized, with those dying off each year replaced by an equal number of newly infected people.
``They'll hassle you, saying, `You're not the champ anymore.' So I'm going to wait till I win before going back.'' Winning Is Everything Bowe still sounded disappointed Friday over how New Yorkers were so blase after he represented his country in the Pan American Games and the Olympics.
``My brother's friend came over to me after the Pan Am games, and he punches me in the stomach,'' Bowe said.
Still, he weighed 265 pounds on July 13, when he resumed training after a layoff for a lower-back injury.
We certainly hope it isn't.'' Fehr spoke after a meeting the union requested in the hope the owners' negotiators would respond to the revenue-sharing ideas union negotiators presented last week.
One owner, Jerry McMorris of Colorado, said just hours before the strike began after the last game Thursday night that the cap is ``a negotiable issue.'' His comment seemed to represent a marked departure from the owners' position.
You can drive for miles and miles across the 25 counties and many other counties in west-southwest Texas and see field after field of thinly populated, scrawny or even pint-sized cotton plants.
-- Eastman Kodak, for years in the throes of one downsizing after another, looks like a tired, out-of-touch company as it struggles to sell off some of its peripheral operations.
-- Eastman Kodak, for years in the throes of one downsizing after another, looks like a tired, out-of-touch company as it struggles to sell off some of its peripheral operations.
It was not warm, two days after the AARP announced support for the Democratic leadership's health care bills in the Senate and House.
The three-day festival, which opened Friday with a bill of local bands and lesser-known acts, was scheduled to end late Sunday night or early Monday morning after the final performer, Peter Gabriel, leaves the stage.
But vice president John Huston, who joined the company in 1992 after ``a thorough due diligence,'' said that the 1989 crisis was ``ancient history.'' As for Jensen, he said, ``One of the reasons that I joined the company was I figured, here was a guy who had been through a test of fire and had retained the confidence of Wall Street investors who knew him before, during and after the problems.'' But such problems! The drama began on April 7, 1989, when Silberman was arrested by Federal Bureau of Investigation agents in the hallway of a Mission Bay hotel in San Diego.
The federal agents had turned their attention to Silberman after picking him up on a wiretap set up to monitor the conversations of Chris Petti, a convicted bookmaker described by prosecutors as an organized crime figure.
They prefer to measure the depth of his support by the turnouts at rally after rally from the blue-collar neighborhoods of this, the world's largest city, to the remote sierras of the Mexican countryside.
21 in the first election after the inauguration of NAFTA, one that will be the most important in the modern history of Mexico.
The Cuban leader lost his temper with the United States last Friday after thousands of Cubans, in the biggest anti-Castro demonstration in Cuba in years, took to Havana's streets to protest the Communist government.
Castro appeared on Cuban television Thursday night, just hours after Attorney General Reno's news conference, to denounce Washington.
Jersey City, the state's second-largest district, was taken over in 1989 after a protracted legal battle.
``There is a concern from many directions about violence after the election,'' he told a crowd in Monterrey's Macroplaza.
The Financial Times-Stock Exchange index of 100 leading shares closed on Friday at 3,142.3. The index has rallied modestly from just over 2,900 at the beginning of July, after plummeting from a high of 3,520.3 in February, when the Federal Reserve in the United States began nudging rates up.
``Having made the transition to an earnings driven market, we feel comfortable with the market after this correction.'' Indeed, while the London market was jarred somewhat by the unexpected rate rises in Italy and Sweden last week, it remained considerably more calm than its counterparts in continental Europe.
Wadhwani looked at the performance of the London market in five previous periods in which rates turned up after hitting a trough.
The constitution bars a president from running for re-election after serving a single six-year term.
NOW, OMINOUS NOISES IN HOUSE ABOUT A HEALTH BILL WASHINGTON  (BC-HEALTH-HOUSE-800-(2TAKES)-NYT) Health care legislation has missed one deadline after another on Capitol Hill, but the indefinite delay announced by House Democratic leaders this week is particularly ominous.
Patricia Schroeder, D-Colo., after a closed Democratic caucus Friday.
Dan Rostenkowski, D-Ill., who stepped aside as chairman of the Ways and Means Committee after his indictment on corruption charges, said Friday: ``Health care's a problem.
There is widespread talk about the possibility of pro forma sessions after next week, essentially allowing members to go home subject to be being called back.
	Walt Disney will deprive moviegoers from seeing the box-office hit ``The Lion King'' after next month, even though the animated film is still drawing crowds.
	Markets 	Stocks followed bonds higher, after a smaller-than-expected rise in July consumer prices stirred hopes that the Federal Reserve would not be so aggressive in raising interest rates next week.
	Prices of Treasury securities rose for the first time in five days, after the Consumer Price Index report showed prices rose only modestly in July.
By 1988, just six years after he entered mining, Friedland had become a magnetic industry leader, brokering deals with some of the nation's largest gold companies and biggest investors, like T.
None of that dissuaded Friedland, whose company bought the mineral rights after Anaconda let them lapse.
One calls for Congress to review U.S. participation in the trade pact after five years, with a possible vote then on whether to pull out, said Rep.
In Europe last year, QVC formed a partnership with Rupert Murdoch's B Sky B satellitetelevision service, after learning that Murdoch was about to strike a deal to distribute Home Shopping Network.
The terms were hardly in QVC's favor, with the company agreeing to assume 100 percent of the losses of the service until it broke even, after which it would split any profits with Murdoch 50-50.
The ruling party's candidate then, current President Carlos Salinas de Gortari, was declared the winner after government computers tallying the vote were turned off for three days.
What do you think they'll do after next week?'' (STORY COULD END HERE.
in 1985 after a series of disturbances.
It isn't secure for guards or prisoners.'' To keep inmates busy and to prepare them for life after prison, Metro-Davidson has unusually large number of educational and rehabilitation programs for an operation in which the average stay is 12 months.
 (BC-CRIME-CLINTON-2NDTAKE-NYT) By early Friday morning, just 12 hours after the measure was defeated 225-210 on a procedural vote, the fear of what a lasting loss on crime could mean for the health care battle and for Democratic prospects in the fall had galvanized the White House into an extraordinary flurry of action.
Giuliani wound up traveling with Clinton on Friday after he telephoned the president on Thursday night to ask what he could do to help, aides to both men said.
The lower limits that the coalition prefers were defeated then, but only after Republicans on the committee told Kennedy that even if he made the change, they would not support the bill.
Just after 5 p.m. Friday, the Senate took up the first amendment to Mitchell's bill.
As such, the film will be re-released in late November after being withdrawn Sept.
Alexander Lebed, who has recently criticized Yeltsin and opposes the leaders of a Russian separatist enclave there, the so-called Trans-Dniester Republic, seems likely to lose his job after his 14th Army is downgraded.
Not only the crime package is on the line, but also health care reform and the Democrats' control of Congress after the fall elections.
``You don't decide to form a fire company after someone pulls the alarm.'' Mike Speirs, 14, who had ridden his bike over to a basketball court across from the high school, shot hoops with two buddies and wondered what all the fuss was about.
She just said, `Well, it's the third try, and the third stay.' '' Ms. Faulkner was accepted into the corps of cadets last year after she applied to the college deleting all references to her sex.
But she started her freshman year at the University of South Carolina after The Citadel won a preliminary injunction, barring her from the corps.
Normally, federal prosecutors do not indict or try individuals for federal civil rights violations until after the state's case is resolved, and generally only if the defendant is acquitted of the state charges or, if found guilty, is given a light sentence.
A second witness testified that he saw Simpson a little after 11 p.m. when he picked him up for ride to the airport.
ON CRIME BILL, GIULIANI IS A CLINTON ALLY  (BC-CRIME-BILL-GIULIANI-NYT) Not long after President Clinton appeared on television Thursday to tar those who voted down his anti-crime bill, Mayor Rudolph Giuliani of New York called the White House and asked if there was anything he could do to help restart the legislation, which he had supported.
The last time he had a five-stroke lead after 36 holes was at the Million Dollar Challenge in South Africa in December.
None of the four players in PGA Championship history who had four-stroke leads after 36 holes -- Tommy Aaron in 1967, Gil Morgan in 1976, Tom Watson in 1978 and Greg Norman in 1986 -- were able to win the tournament.
Besides, it would be boring to shoot 67 every day.'' Arnold Palmer said goodbye to the PGA after 37 straight appearances, holing a putt at the last hole for a par and a round of 74 and a total of 153.
in 1985 after a series of disturbances.
A member of security examined a participantUs belongings after a metal detector was set off at a parking lot.
A member of security examined a participantUs belongings after a metal detector was set off at a parking lot.
Initially, the police did no think the crimes were related, but after receiving the letter, detectives began asking whether each attack might be connected to the letter writer.
27 and 28, the Sunday and Monday after Thanksgiving.
A member of security examined a participantUs belongings after a metal detector was set off at a parking lot.
A member of security examined a participantUs belongings after a metal detector was set off at a parking lot.
The first was not closed for 1 hour 20 minutes; the final valve was shut after 2 hours 25 minutes, according to the documents.
There are notifications of calls to at least six workers between 12:30 and 12:50 a.m. About 12:55 a.m. -- an hour after the start of the fire -- four workers reached a valve, No. 83, about a quarter mile west of the rupture site.The men had to shut the valve off manually by turning a huge wheel.
That valve was reported closed at 2:25 a.m. Meantime five minutes after the shutdown operation had started at No. 83 at 12:55, two workers were sent to a third valve, No. 88, about five miles east of the explosion.
The prosecutor, Katherine Monahan, assistant U.S. attorney in Atlanta, spoke after a hearing before a federal magistrate in Atlanta on a motion by The New York Times to make public the details of Nelson's detention hearing on Thursday and any records in the case.
Ms. Monahan said Nelson, who had been acquitted of stabbing the scholar to death in a state trial in 1992, had not been taken into federal custody after Thursday's hearing.
The new charges against Nelson came just days from the third anniversary of the Crown Heights violence of August 1991, which began after a Hasidic driver lost control of his car and slammed onto a sidewalk, killing a 7-year-old black boy, Gavin Cato.
The accident touched off four days of violence that a state report later called ``the most extensive racial unrest in New York City in several years.'' The Hasidic scholar, Yankel Rosenbaum, was surrounded by a mob of black youths and stabbed shortly after the accident.
Nelson moved to a suburb of Atlanta after his trial, where he had been attending high school and working at a fast-food restaurant.
It isn't secure for guards or prisoners.'' To keep inmates busy and to prepare them for life after prison, Metro-Davidson has unusually large number of educational and rehabilitation programs for an operation in which the average stay is 12 months.
On Thursday, the managerial king of video snapped a 113-game streak of studying the tape immediately after a game.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) While Showalter claimed he would derive no pleasure out of the season, ``unless we play 162 games and win it all,'' he said, ``I would take that,'' when asked if he would be pleased if the Yankees won the World Series after a 10- or 20-game strike interruption.
LURE BEATS THE BLAHS TO WIN BARUCH SARATOGA SPRINGS, N.Y.  (BC-RAC-SARATOGA-NYT) One month after he was rejected by England, two months after he was beaten by Paradise Creek for the second time in a row, the turf champion Lure returned to the races Friday and scored his revenge at Saratoga Race Course.
Even-Money Favorites Lure, a 5-year-old son of Danzig and a grandson of Alydar, was clocked in 1 minute 46 seconds after slow early fractions by Fourstardave.
The horse had been trained for the Sussex Stakes in England in late July, but Lure was forced to stay home after a dispute over his vaccination for equine virus.
Allow the players to become restricted free agents (right of first refusal) after their third full major-league season and unrestricted free agents after their fourth year.
The Paul Luke Band, from Saugerties, holds onto a cozy, blues-inflected approach, somewhere between the Band, the Paul Butterfield Band and California's New Riders of the Purple Sage, which became Woodstock's own local style in the years after the first festival.
Sure, I want to be in Double A, and after I had such a good first half I thought it was a good time to move me.
Like most players born after 1970, he has heard about labor strife in baseball, if not lived through it.
Known in tax law as a 1031 exchange, after the pertinent section of the Internal Revenue Code, the provision enables sellers to defer paying taxes as long as they simultaneously buy a similar kind of property, Avrutine said.
Those insinuations intensified this week after the Pataki campaign announced it would make only five years of returns available for inspection.
But the directors of Karbala's holiest mosques -- Shiites who remained loyal to Saddam and who were put in charge after the rebellion was crushed -- now attribute the death and destruction it brought their town not to Baghdad but to the gulf war.
Only government loyalists were compensated for the destruction of houses and shops near the mosques after the uprising was crushed, they said.
He joined the firm in 1932 after graduating from Princeton University.
He was 75 and lived in Kensington, Md. Brown died of cardiac arrest after a long illness with non-Hodgkins lymphoma, his wife, Janet L.
Lageman was hitting his stride after the 1991 season, in which he finished with 10 sacks.
Or is it merely fashion, a trend that will pass after the customers have been through the gates a time or two?
Or is it merely fashion, a trend that will pass after the customers have been through the gates a time or two?
High school teams started forming in 1947, after World War II.
Such is the state of affairs when you're the world's hottest player and you've opened an unprecedented, five-stroke lead on the field after 36 holes at the 76th PGA Championship.
And the last time Price led by five after 36 holes -- at last year's Sun City Million Dollar Challenge in Bophutswana, South Africa -- he won by 12 strokes.
(but) the attitude is there.'' For today's exhibition, the Raiders probably will be without defensive tackle Chester McGlockton, who sat out practice during the week after getting kicked in the left leg against Dallas.
He received a prolonged standing ovation from the gallery after his 8,893rd -- and final -- stroke in a PGA Championship, the one major title Palmer never won in a 40-year professional career.
My chipping and putting let me down,'' said Azinger, who was playing in only his second tournament after a nine-month absence while undergoing cancer treatment.
John Daly, after missing the cut with rounds of 73-73, said yesterday was the first time in three weeks that his strained back relaxed enough ``to let me hit through the ball.
McDowell was in the process of reviving his career this season after spending 1991-93 in the minor leagues.
But after almost 10 years of playing professionally, McDowell is a believer that players deserve as much as they can get.
``So it doesn't make much sense for baseball players to do what we did.'' Last year, Cowboys wide receiver Michael Irvin and Smith walked out of a meeting with union president Gene Upshaw after hearing details of the settlement Upshaw was proposing.
Such is the state of affairs when you're the world's hottest player and you've opened an unprecedented five-stroke lead on the field after 36 holes at the 76th PGA Championship.
And the last time Price led by five after 36 holes -- at last year's Sun City Million Dollar Challenge in Bophutswana, South Africa -- he won by 12 strokes.
Candiotti, who flew back to Los Angeles after his start Monday in Cincinnati to undergo a series of examinations for back pain near his left shoulder blade, said he learned Thursday that he would not be able to pitch this week anyway.
She and partner Manon Bollegraf were beaten by Laura Golarsa-Mercedes Paz 6-7 (7-3), 6-4, 6-1, after which the losers took their impromptu dip in the Manhattan Country Club pool.
Then she took a long nap after a massage and had difficulty waking up from that.
``This year, we are going to be judged by how we handle football,'' Murdoch said after disembarking from a three-car limo caravan.
When Milburn caught a pass in the end zone, both Summerall and Madden called it a touchdown, failing to notice that Milburn had pulled it in after it took a big hop off the turf.
``Tonight, when we left the field after the first quarter, it was, `OK, that's normal, that's the way we're supposed to feel,''' said quarterback Steve Young.
HOUSE MAY WAIT ON HEALTH BILL UNTIL AFTER LABOR DAY WASHINGTON, D.C.  (BC-HEALTH-VOTE-SFCHRON) High-ranking Democrat Robert Matsui of Sacramento predicted Friday that the House will not take any votes on health legislation until after Labor Day, increasing the likelihood that the administration-backed bill by House majority leader Richard Gephardt will undergo significant alterations.
But year after year, Congress stops short of enacting legislation that would curb the sale of guns, limit appeals by death row inmates and increase federal spending on police protection.
Twenty-eight months after the recognition of Bosnia-Herzegovina by America and the European Union, the existence of this former Yugoslav republic as an independent state also appears tenuous.
In this respect, it is not so different (in the battle lines, if not in brutal scale) from the struggles in other revolutions -- most dramatically, perhaps, Stalin's epic suppression of peasant farmers a decade and a half after the Bolshevik Revolution of 1917.
Last week, after two months in hiding, the feminist writer Taslima Nasrin fled her native Bangladesh for Sweden, after militant groups reportedly offered a $5,000 reward for her death, charging that she had defamed Islam.
He has plenty of jobs to shuffle inside the White House, after all, but so far has addressed but one.
This immediately set off alarm bells in the Clinton administration, which envisioned a flood of Cubans, coming after a tidal wave of Haitians, creating social and political havoc in Florida and scuttling the Democrats' electoral chances there in 1994 and 1996.
Last week, after two months in hiding, the feminist writer Taslima Nasrin fled her native Bangladesh for Sweden, after militant groups reportedly offered a $5,000 reward for her death, charging that she had defamed Islam.
So it seems that the medium is not the message after all -- but maybe Lorenzo can tell us what we've won behind Door Numero Uno.
The public network A2 had one new clone (``Newlywed Game'') and one silver classic, ``Des Chiffres et des Lettres'' (``Numbers and Letters'' still popular in 1992 after more than 25 years on the air.
Brazil exemplifies the third, mature stage of TV's international interactions; after years of massive imports, followed by domestic program growth, the few imports represent appropriate programming -- in the case of game shows, even locally produced.
Citing another important, albeit benign, intervention, they note that within 24 hours after the assassination of the governing party's presidential candidate on March 23, the Clinton administration also opened a $6 billion line of credit to Mexico to block a run on the peso.
``What is important is what the U.S. government will do after the election if there is evidence of significant fraud.
ARGENTINA ON ALERT AFTER NEW BOMB WARNING BUENOS AIRES, Argentina  (BC-ARGENTINA-BOMB-NYT) Argentina has been thrown into a state of alert after the government announced that Israel and several unnamed countries had notified it that they had obtained information that another bomb attack was imminent.
Hopes were raised last week that Argentina had identified the people behind the bombing attack, after a federal judge investigating the case issued a warrant for the arrest of four former Iranian diplomats late Tuesday night.
What a salary cap really means is a restriction on free agency, a player's right to sell his services to the highest bidder after six years on one team.
That right was achieved after years of legal combat and is fully consistent with the same market principles the owners profess to worship.
``The Brothers Grunt'' is a transparent attempt by MTV to tap into audience drawn to the gross-out humor of ``Ren & Stimpy'' and the subversive wit of ``Beavis & Butt-Head.'' Yet it embodies the level of creativity of neither show, with sicko graphics that make ``Ren & Stimpy'' look like ``Winnie the Pooh.'' What we get in ``The Brothers Grunt'' are six very ugly brothers -- raised in a monastery -- who dress in bermuda shorts and wing tips and are named after famous singers of the past: Frank, Tony, Perry, Sammy, Dean and Bing.
``You may have heard that I made a solemn decision ::sob sob:: to not perform my older songs again after 1990.'' It may not have been the answer the teen-ager hoped for, but at least he or she got to query the rock star directly, in person and in real time -- if not exactly face to face.
``The FDA, after years and years of study, found there are two real dangers,'' he said wryly.
She recently resumed her visits to an Oriental medical doctor after going away on a long vacation.
Or is it revisionist history, like so many of the sympathetic evaluations of Nixon's career that surfaced after his April 22 death?
The action takes place at what could be any time after Nixon's resignation.
The day after a judge ordered the arrest of Mendoza and 21 other airport policemen, authorities announced that they had seized 200 kilos of cocaine at the airport.
``But in the south of France,'' he said, ``there isn't a single cloud in the sky.'' Dublin was sunny in spots Saturday after a midsummer night of 50 degrees that moved some Dubliners to ignite the peat in their fireplaces.
Silva was arrested a short time after the stabbings, and was charged with seven counts of assault in the first degree.
4 after showing concern about where she was.
The grilse, salmon that return to their natal rivers after spending just one year at sea, were thick in the river.
Soon after she began casting, a grilse broke water chasing her fly, even though the fly in question was a boring old Silver Rat.
Thursday, after three days of a civil disturbance organized to support a jailed opposition leader, someone threw a grenade into the bazaar.
It's sad, but people are getting used to the killing.'' The ethnic warfare between Hutu and Tutsi in Rwanda, after the presidents of both countries were killed in a suspicious plane crash in April, sent at least 200,000 refugees and waves of unrest into Burundi.
The scars can only provide a clue to the dark depression that engulfs a promising athlete after he has had major surgery on both of his knees in the first two years of his professional career.
``I spent the first two months after the second one just asking all sorts of questions,'' he said.
11 -- the day after he was hurt -- he had the patella tendon reattached to his kneecap.
Emtman shook the depression after convincing himself he wanted to return to football.
Many thought he sounded like a sore loser after his party's candidate for Germany's ceremonial presidency, Johannes Rau, lost to Kohl's choice, Roman Herzog, in May.
Like two rivers born from the same source and then coming back to face each other after a meander through time and terrain, the 1872 mining law and the first national park are in direct conflict here.
Lawyers for Exxon and for the plaintiffs both said in interviews that they intend to frame their arguments around the same issue: whether Exxon's top executives reacted appropriately in the weeks after the Valdez disaster.
Although the trials are the marquee events, the conflict between thousands of Alaskans and Exxon really began in the days after the spill on March 24, 1989, and it may continue years longer with appeals.
In the second phase, which ended Thursday, the jury decided after 23 days of deliberation that Exxon should pay $286.8 million in compensatory damages, about a third of what commercial fishermen said was due them for harm caused by the spill.
In addition, immediately after the spill Exxon established a claims settlement program and voluntarily paid $300 million to about 11,000 fishermen and other Alaskans who were harmed, many of whom are plaintiffs in the federal trial.
Nobody would play with me; bullies would pick on me.'' His father, who wound up loading trucks after boxing ended, told his son he had been a boxer.
``I kept pestering him,'' recalled Buster Jr. ``For three weeks I kept after him until he said OK.
He kept after me, trying to get me to quit, to the breaking point.
It's a choice between something imperfect and something even worse.'' In fact, the association ran into membership opposition last week after it endorsed bills put forward by Mitchell and by Democratic leaders in the House.
The scenario, officials said would be replayed time after time.
Involvement by the American authorities in the case began after Robert G.
Woerner, who spoke fluent English and French, succeeded Lord Carrington of Britain as NATO secretary general in July 1988 after serving as German defense minister for six years.
But after an operation in mid-December, he told NATO representatives on the eve of the alliance's summit meeting in January that he believed he had beaten the cancer.
A week after the meeting, he was operated on again, in a German hospital just across the Belgian border in Aix-la-Chapelle for acute intestinal blockage.
He had studied law in Heidelberg, Paris, Munich and finally Stuttgart, obtaining a doctorate of laws there in 1961 after writing a dissertation on the criminal prosecutability of military forces stationed in friendly countries.
Woerner, who spoke fluent English and French, succeeded Lord Carrington of Britain as NATO secretary general in July 1988 after serving as German defense minister for six years.
But after an operation in mid-December, he told NATO representatives on the eve of the alliance's summit meeting in January that he believed he had beaten the cancer.
A week after the meeting, he was operated on again, in a German hospital just across the Belgian border in Aix-la-Chapelle for acute intestinal blockage.
He had studied law in Heidelberg, Paris, Munich and finally Stuttgart, obtaining a doctorate of laws there in 1961 after writing a dissertation on the criminal prosecutability of military forces stationed in friendly countries.
But after organizing the vote in fulfillment of its pledge to restore civilian rule, Nigeria's military blocked the publication of the results and has clung to power.
Abiola has been jailed on treason charges since June 23, when, one year after his presumed victory, he proclaimed himself president.
The scenario, officials said would be replayed time after time.
Involvement by the American authorities in the case began after Robert G.
The national post in Egypt came after four years in Qatar, and Taylor took a cut in pay to move.
The teen-ager died July 23 of meningo encephalitis, a swelling of the brain caused by a naegleria infection, after he and two friends had been swimming in the river, Robinson said.
New York state police predicted it would take 20 to 25 hours to clear the site after the concert winds down late Sunday because most people will have to be loaded onto school buses and shuttled to parking lots as far as 30 miles away.
A 44-year-old Long Island man was found unconscious and was later pronounced dead after being flown to a hospital in Kingston.
And when the concert charged into high gear shortly after noon and one of the few original Woodstock performers, Joe Cocker, launched into ``Feeling All Right,'' anyone with a dissenting view lost all chance of being heard above the roaring approval of the crowd.
``We were fenced in and there were lots of rules there,'' said Walter Meyer, 17, of Livingston Manor, N.Y. Music, most by local bands playing on a ramshackle wooden stage, went on all night ending a little before 7 a.m., then resuming just after noon.
And he lived near the grocery store my family owns.'' The Yankees took a 5-0 lead after two innings.
The first two years after a foreign company declares a profit it remains exempt from local taxes.
The two nations had been planning an initial summit meeting on July 25, but the meeting was postponed after the death of Kim Il Sung, the longtime North Korean leader.
With support from elements of the army, the militia launched what was tantamount to the final solution in April after President Juvenal Habyarimana, a Hutu, died in a mysterious plane crash.
The militia began killing in Kibuye around April 13, one week after the president's plane was downed.
He was, after all, a man who could ``analyze,'' who could reason, who could even get in a car and leave?
Cardenas has warned that Mexico will be shut down by a campaign of civil resistance if there is fraud this time, a threat that has added to concern that violence could break out after the vote.
Lawyers on both sides of the case said the government may drop cases before trial for many reasons, or even change its mind after a trial if the law has changed in the meantime.
``But I asked the government's trial lawyer, and he couldn't recall it either.'' Kathleen Sullivan, an employment discrimination specialist at Stanford Law School, was also unaware of a precedent for the government's trying to change from plaintiff to appellant in a case after a judgment had been entered by the district court.
GIANTS DEFEAT CHARGERS, 28-20, IN BERLIN BERLIN  (BC-FBN-GIANTS-CHARGERS-500&ADD-NYT) It was clear this wasn't New Jersey when, after the New York Giants would score a touchdown, the German fans at Olympic Stadium would jam to Frank Sinatra's ``New York, New York.'' At Giants Stadium, a song by Ol' Blue Eyes wouldn't exactly have people rocking the stands.
Leading by 21-20 after a Chargers touchdown and failed two-point conversion attempt, the Giants took advantage of a fumbled punt to score the game's final touchdown.
The problems came after Brown was smashed from the blindside by O'Neal, and his fumble was recovered by San Diego.
``There's no reason to believe anything has changed,'' Fehr said at a news briefing after the meetings.
``The process of mediation involves confidentiality,'' Ravitch said at a news briefing after his meeting.
``It was a nice change,'' Chang said of his strong-armed tactics after the match.
Andres Guilbert told him from Minneapolis, where he will try out for the Minnesota Timberwolves in the fall, ``don't look back.'' What Matienzo is looking forward to is to settle here, polish his skills at a local college or in a minor professional league, perhaps one day play for the Toronto Raptors, the NBA team that will debut the season after next.
He was second-guessed by his wife, Sue, after he tried to hole a chip shot at the 71st hole of the 1987 U.S. Open at Olympic Club.
Finally, after wrapping up his set with a lukewarm reading of ``High Time We Went,'' Cocker looked out at the crowd and declared, ``We love you.
But it rescinded the change only three weeks later, at the end of January, after Ms. Hammond left the board.
Its clearly written behavior rules require owners to clean up after their pets in public areas and dispose of waste in a sanitary manner; to make sure that their pets wear identification tags; to maintain a flea and tick control program and to keep dogs from excessive barking, among other conditions.
NEW JERSEY WAREHOUSE-DISTRIBUTION CENTER PROJECTS PICKING UP  (BC-NJ-REAL-440&ADD-NYT) Developers of warehouses and distribution centers, who went through recessionary dog days after the mid-'80s construction boom, are building again in New Jersey, focusing on projects for specific tenants.
 (BC-NJ-REAL-2NDTAKE-NYT) A case in point is Toys ``R'' Us, which decided to develop its own building after a six-month search turned up no available structures large enough to meet its needs.
BILINGUAL BALLOT LAW FAILS TO HELP CHINESE-AMERICAN VOTERS NEW YORK  (BC-NY-CHINESE-BALLOT-450&ADD-NYT) Two years after the passage of federal legislation requiring bilingual ballots for Chinese-American voters in parts of Manhattan, Brooklyn and Queens, the city has failed to comply with the law, citing the inability of its printers and aging voting machinery to handle the task.
The first substantive vote will be on a Democratic amendment that would make July 1, 1995, the date after which private insurance policies must offer preventive care without co-payments for children and pregnant women.
``I do think that it is a little bit hard for people to change their vote after a vote like this,'' he said.
Meyers, who voted immediately after entering the House chamber Thursday, was quickly set upon by other Republicans urging her to change her vote.
Brummer got the idea for CD-Romance after he was divorced 2 1/2 years ago.
``Some people would just fall in love and meet months or weeks after letter writing.
But when Johnson joined the Jets after a draft-day trade, he became one of a boatload of running backs.
About midway through last season, after Blair Thomas had fallen by the side with an injury and the Jets' vertical passing game had officially gone into drydock, Johnson emerged as a dominant weapon on offense.
Last week, he derided reporters for approaching him after a poor outing.
I'd like to see Tony Gwynn, one of the classiest men to ever grace an athletic field, go after .400.
With the back of his shirt stuck to his body and his pants drenched from the trek across the sweltering Southern Hills steam bath, Price ground out par after par and offset two bogeys with two birdies.
If Haas, who has been on the PGA Tour 17 years, somehow manages to win his first major after two triples and a double, it will rank among golf's greatest comebacks.
One unnamed teammate said Morris, a five-time All-Star who won four World Series rings, sat crying on the bench after pitching one inning against Chicago on July 22 at Jacobs Field.
She was happier on Saturday afternoon after setting a meet and stadium record in the 100 meters.
Even a grizzled old rock 'n' roll veteran like Joe Cocker, one of just a handful of repeat performers from the original Woodstock in 1969, shook his head in amazement after his set.
``It's just a free-for-all and getting completely nuts out there,'' said James Harper, 33, of Michigan, after being treated for a badly sprained ankle.
State transportation officials estimate it will take between 20 and 25 hours after the last song ends in the wee hours of Monday morning to get everyone cleared out of the festival site.
I'm trying to look at the bright side of it,'' Haas said, noting that he responded Saturday with two consecutive birdies after his triple bogey and birdied the next three holes after Friday's triple.
I look at the leader board after every hole.
It's right there on the way to the next hole, and you can't miss it,'' Price said Saturday, after a round of even-par 70 left him three strokes in front of Jay Haas, Price's closest competitor, heading into the final 18 holes at Southern Hills Country Club.
Prosecutors appeared to limit disclosures to the courtroom early after District Attorney Gil Garcetti was criticized for comments that he expected Simpson would plead guilty in the case and argue mitigating circumstances.
The recent arrivals mingled with ticketholders who had already had their fill of gully-to-hilltop people, backed-up toilets, mud and lines, and chose to leave the concert -- a few after only several hours.
The shock waves of confusion echoed out from the site after officials tightened security Saturday morning and sealed off area roadways to all but those with special passes.
 (BC-RAC-DEL MAR-LADN) Way back in February, after a nervous Tinners Way finished far behind in the Strub Stakes at Santa Anita, Bobby Frankel made a proclamation that surprised the trainer himself.
They covered 1\ miles in 1:59 2/5 after Bertrando, pushed by Slew of Damascus, set breathless quarter-mile splits that registered :21 3/5, :44 2/5 and 1:08 3/5 on the tote-board clock.
Frankel quit training Bertrando late last year after owners Ed Nahem and Marshall Naify decided to take advantage of the horse's time off following bone-chip surgery to breed him to 70 mares.
Tinners Way never let Best Pal go past him after both went by Dramatic Gold and Slew of Damascus at the top of the stretch.
As for Tinners Way, he's not yet a millionaire after five victories in 17 starts.
``Today he got a perfect trip,'' said Delahoussaye, who rode the colt for the first time after choosing him over Best Pal.
How much help does he need after winning the Eclipse Award as North America's top trainer and leading the nation with $8.8 million in purses last year?
Outgoing President Carlos Salinas de Gortari was declared the winner in 1988 after computers tallying the vote ``malfunctioned'' on election night.
Plus, it was June, four months after the signing date and less than two months away from reporting date, and the Jayhawks made a firm offer.
 (BC-GLF-PGA-NOTES-TEX) Scotland's Colin Montgomerie, a first-round co-leader, ripped Southern Hills' greens after a third-round 70 left him 3 over for the tournament.
Gentleman Tom even threw a minitantrum after 2-putting from 5 feet, finishing bogey-bogey.
``I'm playing as well or better from tee to green as I have in my entire career,'' Watson said after Saturday's round.
Haas strung together three consecutive birdies at Nos.9-11 and, after a Price bogey, added another at No.13 to move -- briefly -- within one shot.
Solis was thrown from Trepla after the first-time starter finished third in Friday's fourth race.
Nick Price of Zimbabwe held on to his lead after the third round of the PGA Championship -- barely.
Price, who led by 5 strokes after two rounds, showed signs of doing that Saturday.
Greenwich, Conn., rejected a plea from a community group called Project Quiet Yards for a total ban, but in March adopted restrictions on the use of leaf blowers before 8 a.m. or after 7 p.m. on weekdays, and greater restrictions on weekends.
In 1857, the inventor Elisha Otis installed the first regular passenger elevator in the world in the Haughwout china and glassware store at Broadway and Broome Street, and after that he and other inventors made steady progress in improving speed and safety.
Adams, who arrived off Jamestown 10 days ago, sailed his new 50-foot yacht from Philadelphia, the port where it had been shipped after leaving Brisbane, Australia.
But not with the position we put ourselves in after yesterday.'' He also took a ninth place with Vrebalovich last week in Santa Cruz and placed a season-high fourth with David Swatik in San Jose on May 22.
But after losing to the Pittsburgh Steelers 29-17 in a penalty-marred and scuffle-filled exhibition Saturday at Three Rivers Stadium, a different spin was applied.
But the Raiders said they remained unconcerned because the majority of the first unit didn't play after the first quarter.
(HarperCollins, $24.) A woman tries to cope after an act of violence destroys her perfect family life.
The experiences of women after the deaths of their mothers.
Like two rivers born from the same source and then coming back to face each other after a meander through time and terrain, the 1872 mining law and the first national park are in direct conflict here.
Lawyers for Exxon and for the plaintiffs both said in interviews that they intend to frame their arguments around the same issue: whether Exxon's top executives reacted appropriately in the weeks after the Valdez disaster.
Although the trials are the marquee events, the conflict between thousands of Alaskans and Exxon really began in the days after the spill on March 24, 1989, and it may continue years longer with appeals.
In the second phase, which ended Thursday, the jury decided after 23 days of deliberation that Exxon should pay $286.8 million in compensatory damages, about a third of what commercial fishermen said was due them for harm caused by the spill.
In addition, immediately after the spill Exxon established a claims settlement program and voluntarily paid $300 million to about 11,000 fishermen and other Alaskans who were harmed, many of whom are plaintiffs in the federal trial.
The scenario, officials said would be replayed time after time.
Involvement by the American authorities in the case began after Robert G.
	(Pocket, $6.99) A mother and her teen-age 	daughter go on a spree after winning 	$60 million in a lottery.
-- House Democratic leaders think that members of their party who are blaming each other for the crime bill fiasco need time to revive their team spirit, which sagged after the Republicans beat them.
The PAN's Fernandez surged ahead in the polls after his acerbic and witty performance in a May presidential debate.
Yet nothing in the Stalin record -- as exposed by Kremlin leaders themselves after the dictator's death -- offered hope for a renewal of the wartime alliance or democratization in the Soviet Union and its satellites, which were held in line by Russian tanks.
A certified check, by contrast, is a personal check, which the bank certifies after verifying the customer's account will cover it.
Sorry, said bank officials, but we will not place a stop payment order and issue a replacement until 30 days after the date of the original check.
In the worst case, a policy could be canceled when it is needed most, say, after a claim is filed for a costly hospital stay.
But she decided not to lie, fearful of repercussions, and after a long lapse got coverage through her husband's employer.
Then he dies after the one-year contestability period.
	The recent report that chairs owned by 	It seems, writes Archer, that only a year after the chairs were bought, the government got rid of them, probably because they were too heavy and cumbersome for everyday use.
	The recent report that chairs owned by 	It seems, writes Archer, that only a year after the chairs were bought, the government got rid of them, probably because they were too heavy and cumbersome for everyday use.
As the Giants departed Berlin after their 28-20 preseason victory over the San Diego Chargers, the major story is -- and continues to be -- how, with the backing of General Manager George Young, mostly everything Reeves has touched has turned to gold.
Reeves also shocked people by making the choice so quickly, going with Brown after only two preseason games.
``In 1893, he went after the morning.'' Monet himself considered the series to be important, describing it as ``special,'' no doubt to justify asking 15,000 francs, an extraordinary sum a century ago, for each painting.
So sounds reaching the left ear first will be slightly different at the right ear because they get there a millisecond later -- and after passing through the head.
So, two years after her daughter disappeared, the police began a formal investigation.
And in late July, Edlund began working with agencies in Texas and North Carolina on the case, after the crime index computer provided possible matches to Jody with corpses in both states.
Jody Lee Ledkins was 14 when she disappeared May 23, 1985, after leaving her best friend's house.
Jody's parents divorced in 1981 and then got back together after her mother divorced again.
In July 1986, after the court's first warrant was canceled, Jody's juvenile caseworker advised Stratton to take her case to police.
The Peckerwood Club will reopen after seven years.
It had to be kin, and it had to be after she died.
FOR ARDENT BASEBALL FANS, A BITTER SADNESS CHICAGO  (BC-BBO-FANS-510(2TAKES)-NYT) A few years after a ship carrying her and her dreams from Italy docked at Ellis Island, Carmella Hartigan attended her first major league baseball game and fell in love with America for good.
``I'm not coming back after the strike,'' said Ken Harvey, 43, a fan from North Miami Beach.
Jobs promised that Next, which he created in 1985 after leaving Apple, would revolutionize the computing industry.
In March, Chief Operating Officer Peter van Cuylenburg bid farewell after a year on the job.
So, with a bit of tinkering -- and a boost from a recovering New England economy -- The Boston Herald, one of those big-city papers that always seems to be living on borrowed time, is now testing whether there is life after Murdoch.
One of his early actions after he became the owner on Feb.
Nearly three years after advertisers first began pitching programs and products -- in English -- to tens of thousands of affluent Anglophone foreigners here, the allure of the expatriate consumer is ebbing.
More foreigners, advertisers say, are shunning conspicuous consumption in a Russian capital that was recently rated by an international consulting company as the world's third most expensive place to live, after Tokyo and Osaka.
A combination of chemicals designed to knock out both grass and broadleaf weeds in beans performed so poorly after Allerton sprayed in June that two bean fields were resprayed at no charge last month.
Other unexpected shutdowns resulted from the failure to accurately position and secure all the mechanical components of the units after towing them from one well to another.
Concern about the extent of black-market trade in plutonium, the most toxic and potentially destructive material known to exist, mounted this weekend after the Bavarian police acknowledged that they had found a large amount of plutonium 239 in the baggage of a flight from Moscow at the Munich airport on Wednesday.
A Deputy Russian minister of atomic energy, Viktor Sidorenko, was also on the plane, but the German authorities concluded after arresting three passengers -- said to be two Spanish men and a Colombian -- that the minister had no connection with the smuggled plutonium, said a report in this week's issue of Der Spiegel, the German news magazine.
Another performer, Peter Yarrow of Peter, Paul and Mary, said: ``This is a reassertion that some things in this world don't run according to money.'' But the concert, which materialized at Max Yasgur's former farm after a commercial version collapsed, was not altogether spontaneous.
She gained attention for her opposition to the United Nations Relief and Rehabilitation Administration, which cared for refugees in Europe after the war, saying that if it was humanitarian, ``so is keeping a gigolo.'' Miss Sumner decided not to run for re-election in 1946.
One day after the vote, Argentina's president, Carlos Saul Menem, promised to send 600 soldiers to join an international invasion force.
But last week, after a poll of Buenos Aires residents found 82 percent of respondents opposed to Argentina's joining an invasion, Menem downgraded his participation to offering logistical support for an invasion and aid to Haiti afterward.
Wearing a specially-designed diving suit, he managed to remove the mine unexploded after detaching its fuse and primer.
CABINET MEMBER FORCED TO RESIGN TOKYO  (BC-JAPAN-POLITICS-NYT) One of Japan's top officials was forced to resign Sunday after causing a political firestorm by saying that Japan's war of aggression in World War II actually benefited Asia.
Immediately after the comments were reported, China and South Korea complained bitterly about what they described as yet another Japanese attempt to rewrite the history of the war and to evade responsibility for its aggression.
But careful studies of sex offenders after release have found that most do not repeat their crimes.
They don't get any better after a certain point.'' Miss van Hamel had begun to choreograph at Ballet Theater and after her retirement she continued to create pieces and dance in occasional performances by the New Amsterdam Ballet, a chamber ballet group she formed.
``I think dancers also become more specifically individual after a time,'' she said.
The offer, made in a modestly conciliatory speech that President Kim Young Sam prepared for delivery Monday, comes two days after the United States and North Korea agreed on measures to settle the nuclear issue, and could be a major step toward realizing that goal.
In his speech, Kim says he is ready for talks with the North but stops short of calling for a rescheduling of the North-South summit meeting that was scheduled for July 25 but postponed after Kim Il Sung's death.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) The president maintains that the reunification of Korea, divided after World War II, must be gradual, with the governments cooperating economically before they join politically.
They would stop at noon when it became too hot, and might walk further after that ``if we have the strength.'' They would sleep wherever they were when it got dark, she said.
He cued them with a ``1,2,3'' -- and when the crowd obligingly shouted the phrase, the band quit, leaving the stage after a few more tangles with crashers and guards.
``He calls us by our names.'' The Russian fascination with style and civility is more than just a novelty after 70 years of Communism.
Even after several rehearsals, she said, ``They still froze over what fork to use, and men kept forgetting to stand when a lady entered the room.'' Russians have a reputation for swinging from one extreme the other, and that is evident in the exaggerated courtliness favored in Moscow and St. Petersburg.
One lawyer involved in the dispute estimated Sunday that a rest-of-season strike could result in lost revenues of $400 million to $500 million to the clubs after unpaid player salaries are figured in to the financial mix.
He perked up a little after watching another man's breakfast disappear into the good earth of Saugerties.
But Michael O'Hanlon, chief international economist at Kidder Peabody Securities in London, said he still expected the Bundesbank to cut rates half a point in the fall, probably after the national elections in October.
Fan favorites Metallica took the stage shortly after 11 p.m., and they were greeted with the loudest cheers of the day.
Appropriately enough, Aerosmith returned for an encore with a crunching rendition of the Beatles' ``Come Together'' before wrapping things up at the end of a two-hour blitz with ``Living on the Edge.'' At 3:30 a.m. -- after 15 1/2 hours of non-stop music -- the Woodstock '94 nation was drenched, exhausted and covered with mud.
Such as when Peter Angelos, George Steinbrenner, Jerry McMorris, owners all, seemed to break from management's position even before the players went on strike after games played last Thursday.
They will overthrow you.''' Militias of extremist Hutu, which organized and led many of the massacres after the death of Habyarimana, were trained ``too late,'' Karera said.
``When he was killed, in the Hutu mind, they thought the Tutsi were going to bring back their regime and that we the Hutu were going to work for them again, and that the educated Hutu would be killed as in 1959.'' Karera was vague about his own involvement in the killings, saying at one point that he had hidden in his house in Kigali after the death of president Habyarimana on April 6, when the massacre started, until he fled the city on May 20.
At another point, he said he had been working in his office for more than a month after April 6, a period when the massacres were in full swing in Kigali and the army was trying to defend the town from the Patriotic Front.
Top-notch professionals, but definitely human.'' Not so much Sunday, when the team the marketers insisted on calling Dream Team II was at its no-nonsense best, while the Russians turned up flat and fatigued 17 hours after their real championship game, a 66-64 defeat of Croatia, for the silver medal.
I always had the feeling like I was banging against a wall.'' The United States, which made 19 of 35 three-pointers and 64 percent of its two-point field goals, was on a 160-point pace after 10 minutes, leading, 42-26, then 71-36 at the half.
(Sarnoff, which became largely self-supporting in 1987 after RCA was sold to General Electric, formally operates as a unit of SRI International, an independent research organization in Palo Alto, Calif.) ``It was pretty much of an academic atmosphere,'' Olsen recalled, describing the 9-to-5 life at the center in those days as comfortable, insulated and slow-moving.
``I didn't fit in.'' But two years ago, after selling his company for $12 million, Olsen returned to the bucolic 350-acre Sarnoff center campus to give a talk.
Until the very end of 1993, Salinas appeared confident that with inflation under control after two decades and a promise of new prosperity enshrined in the North American Free Trade Agreement, modest steps to open up the political system would be enough to satisfy the voters.
The Bosnian Serbs have received weapons and reinforcements from Yugoslavia's army and from private militias operating in Yugoslavia, although that support was withdrawn after the Bosnian Serb's refused to accept the peace plan.
``It seems like a different place now,'' said Ms. Bowen, who won a $25,000 settlement from the school district after her confrontation with Humphries but has since seen some of her relationships come unraveled amid the tumult.
Now Humphries, after months of support from the school board, has been reassigned to the central office and kept from the school grounds, under pressure from the U.S. Justice Department.
And Humphries insisted upon talking about it, at a February assembly that he called after two violent incidents, a fight between black and white girls that seemed inspired by a cross-racial romance and the confiscation of a .38-caliber pistol, the first gun ever found at the 680-student school, from one of the boys involved in the original dispute.
The department's case, one of several federal challenges to Wedowee's compliance with a 1970 desegration plan, was filed after the Bowen incident and is scheduled for trial in October, if mediation fails.
Take the mayor, Graham, who is still something of an outsider in Wedowee 14 years after his arrival from Atlanta to marry a local girl and start a construction business.
``There were more black people who felt their kids didn't get a fair shake than I was aware of,'' Graham said, noting that the two black members of the seven-member City Council never said a word about racial problems until after the Bowen incident and then were adamant that the principal should be fired.
``You all have misconstrued everything,'' Ms. Sledge said, the light of a street lamp showing tears on her cheeks late one evening after she had finished her custodial tasks at the Alabama Power and Light Co., one of three jobs she holds.
``Now the people who bought tickets for the weekend are cheated out of seeing Martina,'' said Diamond, who was fuming in the press tent after the upset.
Packwood, seemingly thrilled to be back in the fray after keeping a low profile for months over accusations of sexual harassment, is by far the most animated.
ESPN scheduled Jordan's game after the major league strike wiped out the game it was planning to televise -- the Toronto Blue Jays against the Yankees.
But even after subtracting these moves, net leasing grew by nearly half-a-million square feet in just the last quarter, said Nork.
Just watch these guys climb the record charts after this exhibition.
-- How many headaches did the advertising sales staff of Headline News suffer after a commercial for Anacin immediately followed a commercial for Aleve?
``Why would they strike?'' Will asked of the major leaguers, who stopped work after Thursday's games, in a contract dispute centered on the owners' desire to put a cap on team salaries.
``It's such a shame,'' he said, ``because some of these players are never going to have another season like this.'' The players, not the owners, get the blame for stopping the season, because after all, most children don't dream of being owners, they don't write to owners for their autographs, they don't go to Shea Stadium or Yankee Stadium to see the owners.
(CBS analyst) Jim Nantz kidded me like I'm Mr. PGA or something,'' Medlen said after yesterday's third victorious walk down the 18th fairway.
Maybe after today.'' Price and Medlen have been together since the start of the 1991 season, when Medlen was between jobs and Price's former caddie elected to return to his native Ireland and work the European Tour.
``Shortly after that, things started clicking and we never looked back.'' Asked about Medlen's impact on his game, Price joked, ``For some players, having `Squeeky' would be a five-shot disadvantage.
In the confusion Saturday night, Riddick Bowe was awarded a no-contest decision against Buster Mathis Jr. -- ``awarded'' because Arthur Mercante, the 74-year-old referee, ruled that Bowe had deliberately hit Mathis after he was already down on one knee in the fourth round.
Mathis, who lost every round on every scorecard, could not continue after the final blow from Bowe.
Instead, the fight, halted at 2 minutes 11 seconds of the fourth round, with Mathis flat on his back after the illegal punch, merely adds another footnote to the sport's legacy of lunacy.
Kushner maintained that several years ago, in another fight he promoted in the same ring, Marlin Starling lost his World Boxing Association welterweight title on a disqualification when he knocked out Thomas Molinares with a punch after a round ended.
It was a punch that was thrown a moment after Mathis, apparently intentionally, sank to one knee to avoid the constant barrage of blows Bowe had battered him with.
That occurred after a paraglider sailed into the ring to disrupt his bout against Holyfield.
``I said, `No, I need to swim this year.' Besides, I'm a fast healer.'' On June 13, only 10 days after surgery, the stitches came out and Thompson was training again.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Five weeks after the surgery, Thompson wanted to swim in a meet.
	An aggressive big-city tabloid sets out to prove that there is life after Rupert Murdoch.
Michael and Verna Frazier of Washington, black professionals who had expected to raise their two daughters in the city, moved to the suburb of Temple Hills, Md., after their home was burglarized last fall.
If we make mistakes, we can't buy ourselves out.'' The Expos were in Pittsburgh as Brochu spoke, playing their final game before the players strike, which began after games ended Thursday night.
Michael and Verna Frazier of Washington, black professionals who had expected to raise their two daughters in the city, moved to the suburb of Temple Hills, Md., after their home was burglarized last fall.
This is Woodstock, after all, so you've got to have some tie-die to get through the gate.
Grossman, 23, who upset Martina Navratilova, Julie Halard and Zina Garrison-Jackson, each time after havng lost the first set, fell in a final for the ninth time in nine tries.
But they got fireworks when Alexander introduced her panel, and especially after she introduced Heeter, a lawyer for the Kansas City firm of Shughart, Thomson & Kilroy and the director of the baseball players' commercial-rights program.
They can't let their kids play after dark.
In 1970, public housing tenants facing eviction for anything other than nonpayment of rent won the right to automatic administrative hearings after a federal court found that the Housing Authority was depriving them of due process.
A man died Friday night after consuming vodka and preseciption medicine.
Two people were killed and two others injured when their car crashed on the New York State Thruway after the driver fell asleep Sunday morning, Trooper Robert M.
Festival officials estimated that it would take up to 25 hours to clear the site after the music ended, but David Hines wasn't waiting.
Among them was a North Greenbush, N.Y., couple, Nancy Mattice and her husband, Dave Pallas, who had bought tickets to the Saugerties concert but went to Bethel after the shuttle bus they were required to take to Saugerties didn't arrive.
	--Smith Barney Inc., New York, to McCann-Erickson New York, to handle its account, previously at Ogilvy & Mather New York, after a review that also included Publicis/Bloom and Young & Rubicam New York.
The spirit of the festival-goers began to fade after standing up to six hours in line waiting to board a yellow school bus.
The spirit of the festival-goers began to fade after standing up to six hours in line waiting to board a yellow school bus.
He thought he'd won the 1 1/16-mile turf race, and so did jockey Chris Antley, who tempted fate by remaining aboard Marvin's Faith even after Gary Baze dismounted Unfinished Symph.
Before finishing fifth in Saltgrass' division of the Oceanside Stakes -- after a bad start -- Marvin's Faith was briefly a claiming horse.
But after a sixth in the Hollywood Futurity, ``we decided to go back to square one.'' Marvin's Faith got his confidence back against the cheaper competition.
``You need a long rest after doing this,'' Lang said.
The allegation was contained in a May 13 emergency motion filed by Credit Lyonnais Bank Nederland of Rotterdam in conjunction with two other banks, which sought to force McNall into involuntary bankruptcy after he defaulted on loans totaling $162 million.
Formed three days after he was forced into bankruptcy by Credit Lyonnais and two other frustrated lenders, the trust is structured in such a way that only creditors who release all their claims against McNall -- who personally guaranteed many of the loans -- will get a share of his assets.
He routinely denied persistent rumors that he was in financial trouble, even after the sudden announcement last December that he was selling a majority stake in the Kings -- a $60 million sale that finally closed May 16.
The allegation was contained in a May 13 emergency motion filed by Credit Lyonnais Bank Nederland of Rotterdam in conjunction with two other banks, which sought to force McNall into involuntary bankruptcy after he defaulted on loans totaling $162 million.
Formed three days after he was forced into bankruptcy by Credit Lyonnais and two other frustrated lenders, the trust is structured in such a way that only creditors who release all their claims against McNall -- who personally guaranteed many of the loans -- will get a share of his assets.
He routinely denied persistent rumors that he was in financial trouble, even after the sudden announcement last December that he was selling a majority stake in the Kings -- a $60 million sale that finally closed May 16.
The control and organization is bad here, but the music is diversified.'' GERT VAN VEEN, reporter for Volkskrant newspaper in Amsterdam, Holland: ``What's strange from a Dutch perspective is that it took 25 years after the original to do a second Woodstock.
Here, it's an absolute mess after not that much rain, really, because they didn't prepare the site well enough.
The offer, made in a modestly conciliatory speech by President Kim Young Sam, comes two days after the United States and North Korea agreed on measures to settle the nuclear issue, and could be a major step toward realizing that goal.
In his speech, Kim said he was ready for talks with the North but stopped short of calling for a rescheduling of the North-South summit meeting that was scheduled for July 25 but postponed after Kim Il Sung's death.
 (BC-KOREA-NUKE-1STLD-WRITETHRU-2NDTAKE-NYT) The president maintained that the reunification of Korea, which was divided after World War II, must be gradual, with the governments cooperating economically before they join politically.
WOODSTOCK ACTS INCLUDE YOUNG PUNKS AND AGING HIPPIES SAUGERTIES, N.Y.  (BC-WOODSTOCK-MUSIC-1STLD-WRITETHRU-NYT) Bob Dylan played Woodstock '94 on Sunday night, 25 years after he avoided the first Woodstock festival.
Except for only two recent songs, Dylan and his four-man band played a set they could have performed at the original festival: one masterpiece after another from the 1960s.
They did, after all, follow up stints in Tokyo and London with stints in Pasadena, Calif., and Atlanta, respectively, the past two Super Bowl locales.
But try telling that to the team charter's passengers, who departed Dallas on Saturday afternoon after a one-hour delay on the ground, and who were still milling about the lobby of the Presidente Intercontinental Hotel late that night waiting for their luggage to arrive.
(HarperCollins, $24.) A woman tries to cope after an act of violence destroys her perfect family life.
The experiences of women after the deaths of their mothers.
	(Pocket, $6.99) A mother and her teen-age 	daughter go on a spree after winning 	$60 million in a lottery.
A certified check, by contrast, is a personal check, which the bank certifies after verifying the customer's account will cover it.
Sorry, said bank officials, but we will not place a stop payment order and issue a replacement until 30 days after the date of the original check.
In the worst case, a policy could be canceled when it is needed most, say, after a claim is filed for a costly hospital stay.
But she decided not to lie, fearful of repercussions, and after a long lapse got coverage through her husband's employer.
Then he dies after the one-year contestability period.
But year after year, Congress stops short of enacting legislation that would curb the sale of guns, limit appeals by death row inmates and increase federal spending on police protection.
In this respect, it is not so different (in the battle lines, if not in brutal scale) from the struggles in other revolutions -- most dramatically, perhaps, Stalin's epic suppression of peasant farmers a decade and a half after the Bolshevik Revolution of 1917.
Last week, after two months in hiding, the feminist writer Taslima Nasrin fled her native Bangladesh for Sweden, after militant groups reportedly offered a $5,000 reward for her death, charging that she had defamed Islam.
So it seems that the medium is not the message after all -- but maybe Lorenzo can tell us what we've won behind Door Numero Uno.
The public network A2 had one new clone (``Newlywed Game'') and one silver classic, ``Des Chiffres et des Lettres'' (``Numbers and Letters'' still popular in 1992 after more than 25 years on the air.
Brazil exemplifies the third, mature stage of TV's international interactions; after years of massive imports, followed by domestic program growth, the few imports represent appropriate programming -- in the case of game shows, even locally produced.
Citing another important, albeit benign, intervention, they note that within 24 hours after the assassination of the governing party's presidential candidate on March 23, the Clinton administration also opened a $6 billion line of credit to Mexico to block a run on the peso.
``What is important is what the U.S. government will do after the election if there is evidence of significant fraud.
The next morning, GIs of the Third Army's Twentieth Corps reach the east bank of the Seine at Melun and Fontainebleau, 50 miles southeast of the French capital, after a bold dash from Chartres.
Montgomery, British commander, is criticized for not reinforcing the Canadian s after they meet fanatical German resistance, and are mistakenly bombed by friendly aircraft.
An Allied communique says ``it now can be said'' that the ancient Italian Renaissance city ``is firmly in our hands.'' To protect historic churches, museums and art treasures, the British do not make a full-scale frontal assault on Florence, but patiently force a German withdrawal by isolating one enemy unit after another.
She remarried Crane in March, 1943, after obtaining an annulment in 1942.
He has plenty of jobs to shuffle inside the White House, after all, but so far has addressed but one.
This immediately set off alarm bells in the Clinton administration, which envisioned a flood of Cubans, coming after a tidal wave of Haitians, creating social and political havoc in Florida and scuttling the Democrats' electoral chances there in 1994 and 1996.
Drop me a note after you see it.
Faulkner, especially, was banking on immortality after most of his books went out of print.
There are two major reasons for that: The 900 soft-top is built from the ground up as a convertible, meaning it has more structural integrity and better lines than cars converted by having their tops lopped off after coming off the assembly line.
There are two major reasons for that: The 900 soft-top is built from the ground up as a convertible, meaning it has more structural integrity and better lines than cars converted by having their tops lopped off after coming off the assembly line.
Emtman, trying to come back after three knee operations, runs stairs last week at Anderson University in Anderson, Ind.
Emtman, trying to come back after three knee operations, runs stairs last week at Anderson University in Anderson, Ind.
Emtman, trying to come back after three knee operations, runs stairs last week at Anderson University in Anderson, Ind.
The Defense Department may be buying far less military equipment than it did during the Cold War; the 1994 allocation of $44 billion was about half the 1988 figure, after allowing for inflation.
Brown will not comment on a proposed code of conduct for recipients of American weapons, known as McKinney-Hatfield after its congressional co-sponsors.
The Defense Department may be buying far less military equipment than it did during the Cold War; the 1994 allocation of $44 billion was about half the 1988 figure, after allowing for inflation.
Brown will not comment on a proposed code of conduct for recipients of American weapons, known as McKinney-Hatfield after its congressional co-sponsors.
The Defense Department may be buying far less military equipment than it did during the Cold War; the 1994 allocation of $44 billion was about half the 1988 figure, after allowing for inflation.
Brown will not comment on a proposed code of conduct for recipients of American weapons, known as McKinney-Hatfield after its congressional co-sponsors.
12, the players were due to strike for the eighth time in 22 years -- this time to prevent the owners from imposing a cap on team salaries after the end of the season.
CBS lost an estimated $500 million on its four-year $1.1 billion contract for televising baseball, which expired after the 1993 season.
Draftees can now become ``free agents'' after five years in the majors, and able to negotiate their terms of employment with any club that wants them.
12, the players were due to strike for the eighth time in 22 years -- this time to prevent the owners from imposing a cap on team salaries after the end of the season.
CBS lost an estimated $500 million on its four-year $1.1 billion contract for televising baseball, which expired after the 1993 season.
Draftees can now become ``free agents'' after five years in the majors, and able to negotiate their terms of employment with any club that wants them.
12, the players were due to strike for the eighth time in 22 years -- this time to prevent the owners from imposing a cap on team salaries after the end of the season.
