He had prime accommodations and went river-rafting in Arizona during a photo shoot for the Playboy preseason All-America team.
I'll cook off in a microsecond and the adrenaline will start flowing.'' Rick Merten spent much of Bjorn's youth away from home on boats, including mine-sweeping duty during the Persian Gulf War.
Eager to please as a true freshman at UCLA, Merten changed his kicking mechanics during the summer and missed all of preseason practice with a pulled muscle.
Bob Graham, D-Fla., said that during his visit Wednesday to the Guantanamo Bay Naval Station, where more than 13,000 Cubans are being held, he had learned that there was ``evidence that criminals have been unloaded on the United States.'' A State Department official said Graham's estimate of 100 suspected prisoners was a reasonable number.
Graham said the former prisoners had been segregated from the other Cuban refugees at Guantanamo and were being kept in a concrete blockhouse that had been used to store ammunition during World War II.
Executive vice president Fred Claire referred layoff questions to Graziano, saying only, ``Obviously, during this time a lot of evaluations have to be made.'' Graziano did not return phone calls Wednesday.
Notes: Second baseman Garey Ingram, who hit .282 in 26 games during a one-month promotion to Los Angeles earlier this year, and first baseman Jay Kirkpatrick were promoted from Class AA San Antonio to Class AAA Albuquerque.
Although there is more water during a hurricane, the heavy rains that occur then come from the same process as any other rain, which is by way of evaporation and condensation.
Yes, the various committees that a bill passes through during the legislative process go over the bill line by line.
Q: Is there any truth to reports that the United States attempted to kill Cuban President Fidel Castro during the Kennedy administration?
A: Try this for a scenario: You are in your house with your husband and child, somebody breaks in during the night, shoots and kills both your husband and child, rapes and tortures you, then leaves through the door with the keys to your car in his hand.
``I'll feel pressure during the week but as soon as game time comes I'll be ready to play,'' Bullough said.
``He'll make a good account of himself.'' If Bullough is hurt, Hill said, the Dolphins may go to Foxx first, even though he has been listed an outside linebacker during most of camp.
Deborah Davis, 40, slept outside on summer nights as a child in Desire, but now as a mother she won't even allow her young son outdoors during the day.
U.S. policy during the Reagan-Bush years held that everyone ought to be middle class, as God intended, and if they were they'd stop having all those pesky poor babies.
He pushed his way into Harvard Law School by dazzling professors there during a summer program for African-Americans.
Tom Hayden, D-Santa Monica, noted that Hollywood Park had doled out close to $1 million in campaign contributions during the past two years.
Tom Hayden, D-Santa Monica, noted that Hollywood Park had doled out close to $1 million in campaign contributions during the past two years.
Never mind.) Of course, it isn't the fault of Fox (or producer Touchstone Television) that ``Hardball'' is premiering during a pro baseball strike.
Blendon cited Times-Mirror Co. polls showing how concern over health care dropped dramatically during the past two years.
In the midst of the 1992 presidential campaign during which Bill Clinton promised to have a health care plan within 100 days of his inauguration, unemployment rose to 7.4 percent in August of that year.
The Edinburgh University scholar published his evaluation last month after a year-long examination of Russian records that were classified as secret during the Soviet era.
``American and other Western officials during the early postwar years simply would not believe a regime as bellicose as the Soviet Union could have any doubts about its own strength,'' the French analyst said.
Oakley, the retired career U.S. foreign service officer who served as director of the Office of Combatting Terrorism at the State Department during the Reagan presidency.
There were a number of double cheeseburgers served during the conversation, according to the P.A. system in the background, as well as a couple of steak finger baskets and a Blizzard.
And quite a few DQ diners gathered around the young country music sensation during the unhurried talk, having recognized him and forsaken their Dudes and Dilly Bars for a meet 'n' greet after eats.
A PICTURE PERFECT SEASON OF FOOTBALL IS A DREAM AWAY  (BC-FBN-NFLPRECOLUMN-LADN) Things I'd love to see during the coming NFL season: -- Buddy Ryan stricken with a mysterious, rare and severe strain of laryngitis, one that lasts for 22 weeks and renders him utterly mute.
A new computerized tally of floor votes cast by each senator and representative during the first 18 months of the current 103d Congress found that Sen.
USC during the same period has met or exceeded expectations 10 times.
A new computerized tally of floor votes cast by each senator and representative during the first 18 months of the current 103d Congress found that Sen.
The pair report there were no serious arguments during the collaboration, which is not their first; friends since 1985, they've written five screenplays together in the last 18 months.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) The best to be said for ``A Simple Twist of Fate'' is that it's gentle and lively enough to hold the interest during even its rockiest moments -- and that it could have been much worse.
It's a flat, round polyurethane plastic pad that helps women detect breast cancer during self-examinations.
The standard traction-control system kept the wagon firmly planted on the pavement during a downpour.
Christian de Chalonge's film is the story of Dr. Marcel Petiot, who was executed in 1946 for the murder of 26 people during the German occupation of France.
	CRIPPLED ATHLETE BANNED FROM HANDICAPPED GAMES IN CHINA 	BEIJING (NYT) -- A Chinese athlete whose legs were crushed by an army tank during the 1989 military crackdown around Tiananmen Square has reportedly been prevented from competing in China's handicapped olympic games.
In his omnipresent interviews, Stone always mentions that, during the two years it took to make ``Natural Born Killers,'' reality caught up with the movie's satire.
In addition, Jimenez will pay the state of Texas $7,163 for welfare payments made to the boy's mother during the last 17 1/2 years.
12, during ABC's Monday Night telecast.
Once during a job interview, a recruiter asked Lindstrom-Foster if she thought she had what it took to make tough decisions in the business world.
Relocation of some units would begin during the summer, while the rest of the company would follow next year.
The company reported net income of $3.4 million on sales of $779.4 million for the 26 weeks ended July 23, compared with a net loss of $5 million on $599.5 million in sales during the same period the previous year.
Dick Armey of Texas, head of the Republican Conference, angrily berated defecting colleagues during a post-crime-bill party caucus.
(Armey had also snarled at Democrats during the debate, ``YOUR president just isn't that important to us.'') Senate Republican Leader Bob Dole, similarly miffed, announced that not only were other administration bills likely to feel his wrath but he wasn't finished with the crime bill either.
Sprint used it a year ago during layoffs.
Starkweather, an unemployed garbage man, slaughtered 11 innocents during a cross-country rampage with his 14-year-old girlfriend.
(Caril Fugate, who maintained she was a hostage during the Starkweather murder spree, was paroled that same year).
Then ``Kiss of the Spider Woman'' raised its top weekend price to $70, and to $67.50 during the week.
He steps in during the week of Sept.
GUANTANAMO BAY NAVAL BASE, Cuba  (BC-GUANTANAMO-COX) The refugee tent city may be hot, dusty, and barren, but it is nonetheless becoming a powerful magnet for escapees from Communist Cuba who are willing to swim, sail, and walk over minefields, even if it means enduring life behind concertina wire.
In some areas, nearly 400 trees are growing on acres that should contain about 40 to 50 during a drought.
Among the prestige flicks lined up for this fall are Robert Redford's ``Quiz Show,'' David Mamet's ``Oleanna,'' Kenneth Branagh's ``Mary Shelley's Frankenstein'' and Quentin Tarantino's big Cannes winner, ``Pulp Fiction.'' Here's a sampler of what ticket buyers can expect during the autumn season.
--``Trial by Jury:'' Joanne Whalley-Kilmer plays a juror threatened during the trial of a crime boss Armand Assante.
Once again this year there is reason for hope, maybe more reason than ever during the team's stay in Indianapolis.
(The language bit: Shriver is a tennis buddy of George Bush's.) ``I don't think there are many of us playing tennis and certainly playing Wimbledon during the same year we went to our senior prom,'' Shriver said of herself and Davenport.
Bush admitted Thursday that he was guilty of a fly-by shooting when he mistakenly killed a bird on the protected species list during the opening day of dove season.
Bush admitted Thursday that he was guilty of a fly-by shooting when he mistakenly killed a bird on the protected species list during the opening day of dove season.
(The language bit: Shriver is a tennis buddy of George Bush's.) ``I don't think there are many of us playing tennis and certainly playing Wimbledon during the same year we went to our senior prom,'' Shriver said of herself and Davenport.
In 1976, for example, during Rabin's first term as prime minister, he went to Rabat in secret, disguised in wig, moustache and fake glasses.
A favorite theme of his is ``the virtue of work,'' and at least once during the campaign he has declared that women on welfare ``should be able to get their life together and find a husband.'' Bush is a 41-year-old Miami developer whose only service in public office has been as Florida commerce secretary, an appointive post, in 1987-88.
Organized tennis's main experiment to juice up the proceedings -- playing rock music during changeovers -- is comically beside the point, which is to add excitement and variety to the game itself.
A more challenging explanation, advanced recently in The Times by Robert Lipsyte, is that tennis suffers ``from a shortage of identifiable characters, passionate players, grown-ups or at least interesting children.'' It is certainly true that today's top players are not an incandescent bunch of colorful or even distinguishable personalities; one grows wistful for yesterday's headline acts like Ilie Nastase, Jimmy Connors, John McEnroe and, on the women's side, Monica Seles with her undignified grunts and Jennifer Capriati during her years (now sadly behind her) of spontaneous, joyous adolescence.
Union and airline officials said the deal would help TWA with the perennial problem of conserving enough cash during its high-traffic summer season to enable it to ride out the rest of year, when bookings to its European destinations fall off sharply.
Naim Abu Hommos, director-general of the Palestinian Authority's education department, said that during the school year, experts would start developing a unified Palestinian curriculum for the West Bank and Gaza.
``We are friends of everyone and enemies of no one,'' he said during a 75-minute inaugural speech that was attended by diplomats from the United States, Cuba, and more than 40 other countries.
In recent days, Perez Balladares, who was arrested and briefly detained by American troops during the December 1989 invasion that overthrew Noriega, has promised that he would allow the United States to settle up to 10,000 Cubans here for six months.
The altered polio vaccine makes an ideal carrier for other disease proteins, Andino said, because it can grow on the surface of moist mucous tissues that line the intestine, the mouth, the genitals and the rectum, where the AIDS virus frequently lodges during sexual activity.
In addition, Compton has said that many provisions of the pilots' 250-page contract are outdated -- for example, different pay for flying during the day as opposed to the night.
FROM STAGE TO STAGE, A FORUM FOR '60 WANTAGH, N.Y.  (BC-HORDE-TOUR-ART-340&ADD-NYT) When the Lollapalooza Festival was here at Jones Beach last month, seven bands played on the festival's main stage during an afternoon and evening of alternative rock.
Consequently, only four groups were able to play on the main stage during the eight-hour Horde festivities.
Warren Haynes, who plays guitar with the Allman Brothers, stepped onstage during one number and put Blues Traveler to shame.
STRIKE JEOPARDIZES FUTURE OF THE BASEBALL NETWORK  (BC-TV-SPORTS-NYT) Major-league players have a $175 million fund from licensing royalties to tide them over during their strike.
They worked together in practice drills and during the five exhibition games.
He just had a great feel for being a football player.'' Extra points: Bo Jackson worked out at Raiders headquarters Thursday to stay in shape during the baseball strike.
CHINESE ATHLETE HIT BY TANK IS DENIED PLACE IN GAMES BEIJING  (BC-CHINA-ATHLETE-NYT) A Chinese athlete whose legs were crushed by an army tank during the 1989 military crackdown around Tiananmen Square has reportedly been prevented from competing in China's handicapped olympic games.
Deng lost the use of his legs in September 1968 during the Cultural Revolution, when he tried to escape from a locked radiation lab on the campus of Beijing University where he was being held prisoner by radical students opposed to his father, who became the country's leader in 1978.
Fang was named to the national team this year after a long period of training, but at some point the sports authorities discovered that his legs had been lost during the tank assault on central Beijing in the early morning hours of June 4, 1989.
Hayden Jr., who was hired initially by the City Council as its special counsel during the federal investigation into the towing contracts, said Thursday that a round of federal subpoenas had been issued Wednesday to James and the council members, ordering them to produce documents relating to the Metrobank abatement.
BOEING WORKING TO FIX `ROUTINE' DESIGN FLAWS IN 777 SEATTLE  (BC-BOEING-777-SPI) Boeing engineers are back at the drawing boards to fix three design flaws discovered during recent flight tests of the new 777 twin-engine jetliner.
The most serious challenge is posed by an access panel that covers part of the aircraft's hydraulics system and has torn loose three times during test flights on two different 777s.
Because of intermittent vibration during portions of the jet's test flights, engineers are also studying the flaps all along the trailing edge of the wings, she said.
A Boeing official said the design flaws are among some 390 ``squawks'' that have so far been discovered during the 777's test flights and are the reason new models go through a lengthy test period.
The kinds of adjustments Boeing is making don't address any dangerous conditions, he said, and ``they're very common.'' Hundreds of ``squawks'' during a flight-test period aren't unusual either, he added.
Tager, who was seized at the scene minutes after the shooting and was charged later with murder, gave his seemingly bizarre and irrational tale of network sophistry and burning revenge in five hours of questioning Wednesday night, during which he rambled, spoke cordially, lashed out at the networks, fell silent and stared into space.
August is often viewed as an indicator of how retailers will perform in the fall, their most important season, because of the back-to-school sales during the month.
Even though reports of runaways and missing teens are quite common in Monterey, especially during the summer months, the Stromquist disappearance was taken very seriously because the girl had no history of running away and was barefoot when she left the house, police said.
About three-fourths of the container was filled with boxes of clothing, leaving the 11 squeezed during their journey into a little cubicle measuring perhaps 8 by 10 feet, the captain said.
The seven who were treated and released during the day were questioned immediately by agents of the Immigration and Naturalization Service.
He and other immigration officials said several of the stowaways said during interviews that they came to the United States in hopes of getting work.
John Bartko, Baker & McKenzie's attorney during the trial, called the award ``highly unusual and inappropriate'' and said the firm will ask Judge John Munter, who presided over the trial, to reduce the award or set it aside.
The punitive damages award follows the jury's verdict last Friday that Greenstein, a prominent trademark attorney, had sexually harassed Weeks during the 25 days she worked for him at Baker & McKenzie's Palo Alto, Calif., offices.
After 22 years at the law firm, Greenstein was forced out last October after several women came forward during the course of Weeks' lawsuit and claimed that he had sexually harassed them.
A senior partner in Chicago testified during the trial that he once warned Greenstein that if he harassed another woman, ``I'll kick your ass from here to China.'' But Weeks' attorney told jurors that Greenstein was never threatened with dismissal, and should, in fact, have been fired.
Under the terms of an immigration agreement signed in 1984, Cuba has taken back only about 1,000 of more than 2,000 former criminals who were intentionally released during the Mariel boat lift.
We will be tested with the blitz during the first three weeks.'' 
The judge, John J.J. Jones Jr. of Suffolk County Court, found that Rifkin's constitutional right to be represented by a lawyer after his arrest more than a year ago had ``not been violated in any way.'' Rifkin took the witness stand for the first time last month during a pretrial hearing to claim that he had asked for a lawyer ``at least 20 times'' after his arrest on June 28, 1993, by state troopers who found the body of a woman in the back of his pickup truck.
They cited Vincent during the 1990 lockout and Peter Ueberroth during the 1985 strike as examples, contending that those commissioners undermined the clubs' bargaining position and helped produce an agreement that favored the players.
Perkins didn't survive the 1990 season, and Chandler appeared in only 13 games over two years for the Bucs before he was waived during the 1991 season.
``With San Francisco, four or five weeks would go by, and I wouldn't even hear my name during game-planning sessions -- let alone see the ball.
The physical difficulties faced by female photographers at the time, especially by any who ventured out of the studio to photograph in the streets, are suggested by a photograph of Beals made during her time in Buffalo.
He was introduced to the sport -- at age 16 -- by his father, Roy, who was born in an internment camp in Colorado and spent time at the similar camp at Santa Anita during World War II.
``For some reason, I always feel like I play real well in the tour events during the year and then I get to the slams and, not that I don't play well, but I haven't been able to win that many matches,'' he said.
``Maybe it has to do with my conditioning, the way I work during the off-season.
I'd talk to John Taylor and Brent Jones during the game.
But Jerry -- he really doesn't talk during the game.
When the cameras found a bored fan during a blowout, and the unamused customer offered a one-finger salute to 50 million Americans, Meredith ad-libbed, ``Yep, No. 1 in the nation.'' ``In the old days I sometimes felt like a psychiatrist more than a play-by-play man,'' said Gifford this week.
CONFESSION RULED ADMISSIBLE IN ROCKLAND CARJACKING TRIAL NEW CITY, N.Y.  (BC-NY-CARJACK-TRIAL-NYT) The confession of a Bronx man accused of killing one teen-ager and wounding another during a carjacking that began at a shopping mall can be used at his trial, a Rockland County judge ruled Thursday.
COMMENT: The Bears get to display all the new offensive toys they splurged on during free agency.
Goldman and Dobb, during the negotiations, convinced SBA officials that undue economic hardship would be created if the partners were forced to liquidate.
Weiner/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT12) ORLANDO, Florida -- September 1, 1994 -- FLA-BUSH, 9-1 -- Front-running Florida Republican gubernatorial candidate Jeb Bush stumps for votes during a rally at the Central Florida Fairgrounds in Orlando, Fla.
SEPTEMBER 4 WITH FRANKLIN-DANCE 	(NYT2) NEW YORK -- September 1, 1994 -- FRANKLIN-DANCE, 9-1 -- The British-born Frederic Franklin, who turned 80 this summer, performed a mind-boggling assortment of roles during his long stage career.
Weiner/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT12) ORLANDO, Florida -- September 1, 1994 -- FLA-BUSH, 9-1 -- Front-running Florida Republican gubernatorial candidate Jeb Bush stumps for votes during a rally at the Central Florida Fairgrounds in Orlando, Fla.
SEPTEMBER 4 WITH FRANKLIN-DANCE 	(NYT2) NEW YORK -- September 1, 1994 -- FRANKLIN-DANCE, 9-1 -- The British-born Frederic Franklin, who turned 80 this summer, performed a mind-boggling assortment of roles during his long stage career.
Weiner/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT12) ORLANDO, Florida -- September 1, 1994 -- FLA-BUSH, 9-1 -- Front-running Florida Republican gubernatorial candidate Jeb Bush stumps for votes during a rally at the Central Florida Fairgrounds in Orlando, Fla.
SEPTEMBER 4 WITH FRANKLIN-DANCE 	(NYT2) NEW YORK -- September 1, 1994 -- FRANKLIN-DANCE, 9-1 -- The British-born Frederic Franklin, who turned 80 this summer, performed a mind-boggling assortment of roles during his long stage career.
The Coliseum incurred extensive damage during the Jan.
The stadium still has a seating capacity of 92,000 -- although it will be reduced to 68,000 for Raiders games to encourage home sellouts -- and work crews were able to accomplish other projects during the construction.
Coaching was minimal during a game.
The Japanese firm has suffered so much during the past four years that it has turned to its American partner for help.
The Japanese firm has suffered so much during the past four years that it has turned to its American partner for help.
The Japanese firm has suffered so much during the past four years that it has turned to its American partner for help.
Joe Six-Pack has found a scapegoat for the cushy job he lost during the state's four-year recession, and for the fading of the Californian Dream.
Greenburgh police said that Ms. Cohen stabbed Robert Henderson in the kitchen of their home during an argument.
Joe Six-Pack has found a scapegoat for the cushy job he lost during the state's four-year recession, and for the fading of the Californian Dream.
Norton was such a heady player against the run that his loss may be felt more than any other player who escaped the Cowboys during the off-season.
Everybody wants his autograph.'' The New York-Penn League is a short-season, Class-A league with mostly anonymous players, some of whom had a brief moment in the spotlight during the June draft, most of whom toil in relative anonymity while they try to become major-league prospects.
He proved that by taking his weight down from 330 pounds during training camp rather than up.
A few large star corals smoked, with some erupting multiple times during the night.
A few large star corals smoked, with some erupting multiple times during the night.
HARDBACK NONFICTION: ``Mad as Hell: The Life and Work of Paddy Chayefsky'' by Shaun Considine (Random House, $25): Chayefsky, who died in 1981, was a dramatist during the Golden Age of Television in the 1950s.
It's difficult to determine the exact economic impact, in part because the convention at the Georgia Dome will occur during a holiday weekend.
``Of course you can afford about 10 more.'' That's the type of hazing a big-bonus No. 1 draft choice takes during his rookie minor league season.
on opposite sides of the Bay within two to six years of each other during the past 160 years suggests that major strike-slip faults may be connected'' beneath the Earth's surface -- and, hence, exchange energy with each other, the Science article says.
Fundamentalist Jerry Falwell formed the Moral Majority into a political force and Ronald Reagan began actively courting the religious right during the 1980 presidential campaign.
Fundamentalist Jerry Falwell formed the Moral Majority into a political force and Ronald Reagan began actively courting the religious right during the 1980 presidential campaign.
Such adjustment to contemporary reality, however, does not mean that the enduring values on which the traditional family is based must be either discarded or diminished.
That may happen because the values on which the traditional family is based are solid and enduring.
The citizenry can sleep in peace and wake up in the morning without worrying that some hideous new law was passed during the night.
The Japanese firm has suffered so much during the past four years that it has turned to its American partner for help.
The Japanese firm has suffered so much during the past four years that it has turned to its American partner for help.
The Japanese firm has suffered so much during the past four years that it has turned to its American partner for help.
Joe Six-Pack has found a scapegoat for the cushy job he lost during the state's four-year recession, and for the fading of the Californian Dream.
Joe Six-Pack has found a scapegoat for the cushy job he lost during the state's four-year recession, and for the fading of the Californian Dream.
The potential is there, but rumors of behind-the-scenes problems make us wonder whether ``Homicide'' will be as good as it was during its brief run last season.
``Miller time!'' shouted a player for the Hemel Hempstead Red Sox, obviously still focused although his team lost 13-7 to the visiting Kreauzau Red Lions of Cologne, Germany, during a recent four-team weekend tournament.
The other German team in the tournament, the Aplerbeck Wanderers of Dortmund, pitched their own tents on the field and stayed in them during the long weekend of baseball fun.
``Miller time!'' shouted a player for the Hemel Hempstead Red Sox, obviously still focused although his team lost 13-7 to the visiting Kreauzau Red Lions of Cologne, Germany, during a recent four-team weekend tournament.
The other German team in the tournament, the Aplerbeck Wanderers of Dortmund, pitched their own tents on the field and stayed in them during the long weekend of baseball fun.
``The Olympics, major sports -- this is the daddy of them all, football,'' the Australian tycoon said during a recent interview.
After an admitted initial bout of nervousness -- during a pre-game rehearsal, he and Summerall appeared drawn and pale -- the coach was unleashed.
The primary things the two men share is their Hollywood office space, which used to be the lair of television maestro Norman Lear during his 1970's heydey, and a love of Marlboro Lights.
U.S. exports to Jamaica, however, have surged 121 percent during that time, reaching a record $1.1 billion in 1993.
Video game companies make most of their profit from sales of game cartridges, and Nintendo released only three of its own titles during the critical months leading up to the holidays last year.
Carter administration officials met with Cuban officials in Washington and developed a plan to return convicts and mental defectives who had arrived with the Mariel boatlift during the spring and summer of 1980.
At the same time, pull the head back firmly but gently and brush the inside of the teeth on the opposite side.'' What amazes me most is that the writer assumed the average pet owner possessed 28 pairs of hands because that's precisely how many it would take to subdue a cat during all this pushing and squeezing.
(Many Latin American and Asian currencies are dollar-linked, making hedging unimportant -- except during turmoil when the link might break down.) In fact, academic studies show that currency swings have little impact on performance when overseas investments account for less than 10 percent of a portfolio.
In 1898, during the Spanish-American War, the U.S. Navy set up a base of operations in Guantanamo Bay for their campaign against the Spanish in Santiago de Cuba, 40 miles to the west.
Fortunately, the dragster had an automatic transmission, and it would shift once during our run.
Lietzke said he'd like to take Hawley's full course, which costs $1,150 if you take it in Gainesville, $1,250 if you take it during one of Hawley's remote road trips to local drag strips.
As U.S. officials stepped up talk of an invasion during the week, Haiti's leaders backed off their hard line position on two issues: -- On Thursday, they released a 500,000-gallon fuel shipment earmarked for humanitarian aid, which had been impounded by the regime since July 21.
Haiti's foreign minister David said during his news conference that no attempts were made by U.N. envoys to contact the Jonassaint government.
Gunmen dragged Izme'ry out of church during a Mass in September last year and shot him in the head.
That's because you have, or almost certainly will acquire during your working life, rights in a pension, and pension funds own trillions of dollars of assets in American and international companies.
Although complaints from both labor and management about the agency's sloth-like temperament, during the Reagan-Bush years, Gould argues, the NLRB was ``hijacked'' by forces hostile to collective bargaining who decided cases in an unbalanced way.
One encouraging indicator: New business start-ups, which during January-April was 9 percent ahead of 1993.
One encouraging indicator: New business start-ups, which during January-April was 9 percent ahead of 1993.
``Taking workers' jobs away for exercising a statutorily protected right is like using a nuclear bomb,'' he said, thought he emphasized that employers have a right to maintain production during a strike.
One encouraging indicator: New business start-ups, which during January-April was 9 percent ahead of 1993.
The Nazi government had hidden them there for safekeeping during World War II.
Although earning the hatred of many rich landowners during his peasant movement in the 1980s, Father Vincent had been quiet of late.
While Unionists took the largest share of the vote in the 1993 local elections, winning 46 percent of the vote to 34 percent by republicans, their ranks are deeply divided, split by a long and enduring feud between the fiery fundamentalist preacher, the Rev.
At Southeast Missouri State, Michael Davis died after beatings during a Kappa Alpha Psi initiation in February 1993.
Leaving aside the question of how you pull off a sane craze, investment bankers say that the increasing pace of mergers is partly a function of pent-up demand during the recession, and partly a response to external factors, such as a gutting of the defense budget or the prospects of a national health care system.
While Unionists took the largest share of the vote in the 1993 local elections, winning 46 percent of the vote to 34 percent by republicans, their ranks are deeply divided, split by a long and enduring feud between the fiery fundamentalist preacher, the Rev.
Many grass-roots Republicans had their fill of it during the days when Everett Dirksen, Charlie Halleck and Gerald Ford led their party's pliant minority on Capitol Hill.
A similar motion failed during Simpson's pretrial hearing in July.
It coincided with tailback Derrick Cullors being thrown to the turf during the Horned Frogs' final supposed noncontact workout before the team departed for North Carolina.
They've become great lead blockers.'' North Carolina's option attack averaged 438 yards and 35 points per game last season, and the Frogs expect to face some adverse situations during the course of this evening.
``Starting the season against a Top-25 opponent on the road, it'll probably be the stiffest test we face during the first half of the season.
Romero, widely acknowledged as the most fearsome death-match player in cyberspace, paused during an on-screen battle with a rocket-launching skeleton to note that Doom II and a new game, Quake, scheduled for delivery by Christmas 1995, will carry the violence, and technical sophistication, to new levels.
``He's trying to enlarge the electorate.'' Plotkin added, ``No question, Barry is totally audacious.'' Barry is bold enough, indeed, to allow his driver to park in a no-parking zone during a campaign stop at The Washington Post on Thursday.
Thursday, Alarcon said on television that some criminals may have taken to rafts during brief prison furloughs, but said it was ``preposterous'' to suggest that Havana was encouraging criminals to leave.
Oliver Koppell, the incumbent, raised $243,715 during the month, much of it from labor unions, and has $122,541 on hand.
He says people look to his odd superstitions -- he orders the same meals and wears the same clothes on certain days during the season, and won't walk on team logos painted on practice or playing fields -- because, ``I'm not that outgoing anyway, and people try to find things.'' He joked last week when asked in front of a group of reporters if he felt the need to win it all.
The official, who insisted on anonymity, also noted that Thompson's focus was trained on DelDebbio during the shooting, and that he thus could not see Robinson.
Medvedev placed just 55 percent of his first serves during the match, and Novacek ate up his second serve.
Known best perhaps for getting drummed out by Jimmy Connors in the third round as the No. 10 seeded player here in 1991 -- during Connors' improbable run to the semifinals -- Novacek knocked off the two-time defending champion, Stefan Edberg, on the Grandstand Court last year, also in the second round.
Friday, he seemed clearly out of it during his match.
There was his shocking, round-of-16 loss to Cedric Pioline at last year's U.S. Open, and then the surrealistic sight of Courier at the ATP World Championships last November, reading a book (Armistead Maupin's ``Maybe the Moon'') during the changeovers of a match he appeared to be tanking against Michael Chang.
Courier didn't succumb to indifference, as he did when he read a book during a change-over at a tournament in Germany last December.
``I was lectured for 45 minutes during my consecration and accused of having all kinds of attitudes toward women that I don't have.'' He personally addressed members of the Episcopal Women's Caucus sitting in the gallery of the House of Bishops.
Although complaints from both labor and management about the agency's sloth-like temperament, during the Reagan-Bush years, Gould argues, the NLRB was ``hijacked'' by forces hostile to collective bargaining who decided cases in an unbalanced way.(Marty Katz/New York Times Photo.) 	(NYT12) CHICAGO, Ill.
Although complaints from both labor and management about the agency's sloth-like temperament, during the Reagan-Bush years, Gould argues, the NLRB was ``hijacked'' by forces hostile to collective bargaining who decided cases in an unbalanced way.(Marty Katz/New York Times Photo.) 	(NYT12) CHICAGO, Ill.
Although complaints from both labor and management about the agency's sloth-like temperament, during the Reagan-Bush years, Gould argues, the NLRB was ``hijacked'' by forces hostile to collective bargaining who decided cases in an unbalanced way.(Marty Katz/New York Times Photo.) 	(NYT12) CHICAGO, Ill.
Kezer, who says her involvement in politics grew out of an interest in helping battered women during the 1970s, makes no apologies for taking on Rowland.
Rowland's 108 overdrafts during his three terms were more than twice those of any other House member from Connecticut.
The gain contrasts with 720,000 jobs lost during the last four years of recession.
Kezer, who says her involvement in politics grew out of an interest in helping battered women during the 1970s, makes no apologies for taking on Rowland.
Rowland's 108 overdrafts during his three terms were more than twice those of any other House member from Connecticut.
``I was lectured for 45 minutes during my consecration and accused of having all kinds of attitudes toward women that I don't have.'' He personally addressed members of the Episcopal Women's Caucus sitting in the gallery of the House of Bishops.
``Sequestration ensures that the jurors are not exposed during the proceedings to publicity about the trial,'' Clark wrote, which could include inaccurate or inflammatory information.
In bringing their motion, prosecutors took another opportunity to fire a shot at the defense, saying sequestration would protect the jury ``from the undue influence of an organized press campaign.'' Clark then cited an article Shapiro once wrote, ``Using the Media to your Advantage,'' in which he suggests a lawyer take time to talk to reporters during a trial.
Although Ito said he intended to partially sequester the Simpson jury by allowing them to return to their homes each night during testimony, prosecutors argued that measure would be insufficient.
It's going to say a lot about our team if we go up there and win.'' A roll call of the missing includes UT's two All-Southwest Conference receivers, Mike Adams and Lovell Pinkney, suspended by the school for accepting free use of a rental car for five weeks during the summer.
Tech's Spike Dykes suggested there might be more significance than ever because the performance of SWC schools in nonconference games during the next two years will shape how the league is remembered by historians.
If they think that will do it, only the passage of time will persuade them otherwise.'' The two sides have engaged in little negotiation during the strike.
The decision to make the date public was made during the conference call of owners.
The boys, both of whom displayed little remorse during the two-day trial, will be taken in a fishing boat as early as Saturday and deposited on undisclosed islands, said George and Frank James, both Thlingit judges.
``The tribe has been very nice to me,'' Tim Whittlesey said during an afternoon trial break.
The thought of going to prison has been on Connors' mind constantly since he was sentenced last week, especially during these last days at home.
Conference games count toward other teams' hopes while the Huskies merely attempt to maintain the program during the scholarship reductions and other sanctions for which Don James had no stomach.
With Shuler, the emphasis was on passing, and the line allowed only 11 sacks during the regular season, far fewer than any Pac-10 team except Oregon State, which very rarely passed.
The gain contrasts with 720,000 jobs lost during the last four years of recession.
Lehman's ``Signs of the Times'' viewed the revelation that the late Paul de Man (the chief American proponent of deconstruction) had contributed anti-Semitic articles to a Belgian collaborationist periodical during World War II as evidence that deconstruction is inherently ahistorical and ultimately immoral.
They say perhaps a greater risk lies in government agencies exaggerating the hacker problem to justify the creation of overly restrictive laws, in the same way fear of communism was used to violate civil rights during the 1950s.
Thus, even during the Second World War, Serb fought Serb.
Hockey champions tend to win more than one Cup during their peak period, and new Rangers Coach Colin Campbell was asked recently if repeating as champions will be harder than winning last season.
``The guys you're talking about, they were the little squirts who got beat up in school and ran home from the bullies,'' said Arizona Cardinals Coach Buddy Ryan, who will battle the Cowboys twice during the regular season.
Zimbabwe, while strongly supported by the United States and a consortium of European benefactors, bears more than half of the cost itself, and has defended the core of the program during a period of severe cuts in social spending.
Although complaints from both labor and management about the agency's sloth-like temperament, during the Reagan-Bush years, Gould argues, the NLRB was ``hijacked'' by forces hostile to collective bargaining who decided cases in an unbalanced way.(Marty Katz/New York Times Photo.) 	(NYT12) CHICAGO, Ill.
Ms. Castro said in an interview that she was saving her own money to buy television time ``during the homestretch'' in late October.
Then she said the campaign had used the period of June 1990 through June 1994, contending that New York's job losses ranked first during that period.
``There might have been,'' he added, if the New Jersey murder had occurred during the legislative session.
That effort to slow capital flight is part of the new Venezuela -- impoverished and autocratic -- that has emerged during the first six months of the presidency of Rafael Caldera.
``Think of all the money you waste during the course of a lifetime,'' Cox said.
Howard said her school observed its minute of silence during a closed-circuit television program that opens with the Pledge of Allegiance.
``It's a matter for both sides to accept their responsibilities.'' Repeatedly during the hour-long interview, Alarcon returned to the embargo and his assertions that it was strangling Cuba's economy and pressuring people to flee.
After the riots, fires and earthquakes, I think people want to get away.'' Kevin and Patty Foster and their two children, who live in Newport, R.I., usually take several small trips and one big one during the year, but last year they skipped the big trip.
There were many Americans.'' In the United States, summer vacationers, who typically account for about a third of all vacation travel during the year, seemed to be everywhere.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) One teammate is a television producer for ``Rescue 911.'' Most of the players have taken leaves from their jobs or have quit; the teachers are playing during their summer vacation.
Kussman, a lawyer representing Dr. Gorchynski, said the study, by the Department of Health Services also did not explain unusual traces of a chemical associated with ammonia that was found during the autopsy of Mrs.
``He had played well in the preseason and all of a sudden during the first three games of the season that year there were more things thrown at him than I had seen in my entire time in the National Football League.
Joe Montana, owner of four Super Bowl rings, started just one game during his rookie year of 1979 and threw a total of 23 passes while he dried up on the bench playing behind Steve DeBerg.
Executives at Beech Aircraft, for example, noted that in four years during the 1980s, their company was sued 203 times for accidents involving its aircraft.
Then there are some races bound to draw attention during the final nine-week sprint of campaigning simply as particularly spirited clashes.
One of the longest-running investigations began during the administration of Mayor Kenneth A.
Gibson, who served three terms before losing to Mayor Sharpe James in 1986, took in stride the attention the city was receiving in the mid-1980s from law-enforcement agencies during an interview more than a decade ago.
For a team noted for its wheeling and dealing, they didn't do much during free agency.
Receiver Vance Johnson (Denver) was signed and cut during training camp.
Should usage suddenly spurt during the term of the three-year contract, the company would be responsible for detecting the leak and making the repair, with its incentive based on restoring the cost savings to a point where it continued to collect a monthly fee.
He has been groomed since the off-season mini-camps to be the starter and the Raiders are pleased with how he did during the exhibition games.
No longer could he meekly call out the defenses like he did as a rookie during practices.
``It was just a matter of me keeping after it during preseason and playing well,'' Biekert said.
A $14 million capital improvements plan during the 1980s, however, put a fresher baseball face on the indoor stadium.
McAnally admitted he was ``very concerned'' when he saw the fractions on the tote board during the race.
Manager Kevin Kennedy has been spending part of his time during the strike watching the organization's top pitching prospects.
John Dettmer was on stage last night during the Triple-A Oklahoma City 89ers' one-night stand at The Ballpark in Arlington.
........8.......7.......12 (Simon & Schuster, $24.) The inner workings of the White House during the first year of the Clinton administration.
Should usage suddenly spurt during the term of the three-year contract, the company would be responsible for detecting the leak and making the repair, with its incentive based on restoring the cost savings to a point where it continued to collect a monthly fee.
After the riots, fires and earthquakes, I think people want to get away.'' Kevin and Patty Foster and their two children, who live in Newport, R.I., usually take several small trips and one big one during the year, but last year they skipped the big trip.
There were many Americans.'' In the United States, summer vacationers, who typically account for about a third of all vacation travel during the year, seemed to be everywhere.
Executives at Beech Aircraft, for example, noted that in four years during the 1980s, their company was sued 203 times for accidents involving its aircraft.
But what has all of that got to do with a great big candy puff like ``Prince Igor,'' which the City Opera will present on Saturday evening, during the opening week of its new season?
Both Wirth and Nafis Sadik, director of the conference and chief of the U.N. Population Fund, told separate news conferences on Sunday that more will be agreed on than not during the nine-day conference.
Although Schwartz estimates that 90 percent of the chemical solvent can be recaptured and re-used, the water used during the process will be contaminated with the remaining 10 percent of the solvent.
About 25 percent of Lincoln's employees quit during their first year, but the number who drop out after that is lower than average.
``I'm an entrepreneur.'' Hillier figures he turned in nearly 50 cost-reduction suggestions during the spring and early summer, about 30 of which were accepted.
To maintain its no-layoff pledge, Lincoln was slow to develop new products that required less labor to make, and slow to expand during boom periods.
But for many, working more has added to the building discontent, despite the $100 million in bonuses paid during the last two years when the company was in the red.
``You've got to offer something else.'' Idaho Democrats tend to be pro-gun and anti-abortion, a mold that has well served Cecil Andrus, the departing governor, during a 40-year political career.
``Like many Idahoans I am opposed to teaching homosexuality as an alternative or normal life style,'' EchoHawk said during the Twin Falls debate.
And by Feliciano, a bank administrator during the week and a semipro player on weekends, keeping his arm in tune playing evening softball.
As part of its preparation for new technologies, NVR helped put together a 30-hour package of children's programming to be used by Bell Atlantic during tests of a telephone video delivery system in northern Virginia.
Other religious Jews have asked that the authorities at least allow a small group to enter during the holiday, a token gesture but an important nationalist statement for them, to affirm Israeli control.
But the two men had met several times privately at City Hall during January, and while they have never discussed the meetings publicly, the encounters appear to have contributed to the animosity.
``If these small towns are going to survive, we've got to change that way of thinking.'' In the view of some rural experts, an increasing materialism, especially during the 1980s, has made small towns less attractive.
Previous studies had found that wages of college-educated men --but not women -- slipped during the economic stagnation from 1989 to 1991.
Another message from the study is that putting people to work -- Clinton has promised to create at least 8 million jobs during his four years in office -- no longer translates easily into higher living standards.
The administration, and many economists, disagree with Mishel's diagnosis, although they do not challenge the institute's finding that the hourly wages of college-educated men continued to deteriorate during the recovery.
During most of the 1980s, the median hourly wage of those with a high school education fell, particularly during the recession early in the decade.
The United National Party had been in power for 17 years, during which warfare erupted from strains between the country's 2.5 million Tamils and the ethnic Sinhalese majority, which accounts for three-quarters of the island's 17 million people.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Diplomats say that the new government's most notable initiatives may have been been those that challenge the Sri Lankan armed forces, which have developed almost autonomous powers during the war with the rebels.
U.N. officials said that in two incidents on Sunday, snipers fired at peacekeepers near the Olympic speed-skating rink where Pope John Paul II is to celebrate Mass during a visit here scheduled for Thursday.
Never mind that they, too, were then penalized for celebrating during one of the most exciting games on college football's opening weekend.
Officials estimate that the state brings in $21.4 billion annually from tourism, with only a small fraction of the total from visitors during the winter.
Phoenix and its neighboring cities in Arizona's Valley of the Sun, packed with tourists during the winter, are positioning themselves for summer, when temperatures routinely rise into the 100s but five-star resorts and luxury hotels can be booked for two-star prices.
Furthermore, except for three games during the 1987 football strike, club owners have not used replacement players.
The dropped passes got to be so galling to Moon that he discussed it with his offensive coordinator, Brian Billick, during the game.
When Al-Nasseri disappeared with Laith during a court-scheduled visit six weeks ago, his wife, from whom he is formally separated, knew that like many other mothers in her situation her prospects were bleak.
An agent was sent to observe Al-Nasseri's movements during his stopover in Jordan and to take alternate measures if he changed his itinerary or left his son behind with a brother there.
That can happen during a struggle, especially if there is a 9-millimeter on the move and in the possession of the person who is down.'' Eric Adams, chairman of the Grand Council of Guardians, a coalition of associations of black police officers, who was not invited to the news conference but attended it anyway, said he did not feel that the Transit PBA was defending DelDebbio or playing down Thompson's testimony, but rather was calling for a fair investigation.
Or there might have been more killings of this nature during the war.
``I am not as afraid as I was during the last government,'' Bagendaneza said.
Because of his youth, police will not give the boy's real name, but they say Frog confessed during questioning on Saturday and has been charged with murder as a juvenile.
The man was arrested, but during questioning he denied any involvement.
You can't rattle him before the game, you can't rattle him during the game, you can't rattle him after the game.
Recorded music, for crying out loud, during the changeovers.
The 49ers hope free safety Dana Hall can continue the improvement he showed during the exhibition season to help on coverages.
``You've got to offer something else.'' Idaho Democrats tend to be pro-gun and anti-abortion, a mold that has well served Cecil Andrus, the departing governor, during a 40-year political career.
``Like many Idahoans I am opposed to teaching homosexuality as an alternative or normal life style,'' EchoHawk said during the Twin Falls debate.
Kidd can renegotiate after six years if he is named the league's most valuable player during his first six seasons, or if he is named first- or second-team All-NBA twice his first six seasons.
The questions that have been simmering all summer would come to a scalding boil during the next week.
When Al-Nasseri disappeared with Laith during a court-scheduled visit six weeks ago, his wife, from whom he is formally separated, knew that like many other mothers in her situation her prospects were bleak.
An agent was sent to observe Al-Nasseri's movements during his stopover in Jordan and to take alternate measures if he changed his itinerary or left his son behind with a brother there.
And then he jokingly hoped Albus would ``break his bloody leg'' during sudden death.
The old agreement, which was hammered out during a 10-day players' strike in 1992, expired Sept.
........8.......7.......12 (Simon & Schuster, $24.) The inner workings of the White House during the first year of the Clinton administration.
Thus, even during the Second World War, Serb fought Serb.
Lehman's ``Signs of the Times'' viewed the revelation that the late Paul de Man (the chief American proponent of deconstruction) had contributed anti-Semitic articles to a Belgian collaborationist periodical during World War II as evidence that deconstruction is inherently ahistorical and ultimately immoral.
In keeping with the Lumina's middle-America family spirit, I drove a black LS model during a four-day weekend family function in Ohio.
In keeping with the Lumina's middle-America family spirit, I drove a black LS model during a four-day weekend family function in Ohio.
A missile plant is being located here, employing upwards of 800 workers during the next three years.
They gave us the Patriot missile that went up against the SCUDs during the Persian Gulf War.
I had felt it my duty to point out to President Shi that he might expect some gloating from me, for during both my years as an underclassman, Furman had beaten Clemson, and hasn't done it since.
It was during halftime exercises that I came to know what it's like to watch the backside of a marching band at work.
In November, American received criticism for the way attendants treated a passenger with AIDS who used an IV bag during a flight.
The split between the Seminole and Seminole Negro widened in 1859, when Wild Cat died during a smallpox epidemic.
The Association.'' ``We try to keep it nice here,'' Miss Charles muses during a visit on a brutally hot summer afternoon.
I don't mean by this the mere soldiering and sailoring services; we have no military aim or practice in our movement; but I mean the ideals of service for their fellow-men.'' Such ideals represent a special commitment to timeless and enduring values more elevated and noble than some ages appear able or willing to nurture.
In this technique, a couple concerned about their risk of carrying a baby with a familial disease, like cystic fibrosis, can opt to have in-vitro fertilization, during which the early embryo is screened for the presence of the defective gene.
The police in Gaza said they had arrested a man who had been wounded in an exchange of gunfire during the ambush, but they did not say if charges would be brought against him.
``If George had been commissioner of baseball,'' Clinton said, laughing, ``they'd be back playing again now.'' The president, a baseball fan, mentioned the strike during an address to iron workers at a shipyard in Bath.
POPE'S VISIT REKINDLES OLD RELIGIOUS AND POLITICAL WOUNDS BELGRADE, Yugoslavia  (BC-YUGOSLAVIA-POPE-675&ADDS-NYT) The Serbian Orthodox Church, unforgiving of what it sees as the Roman Catholic Church's complicity in the mass killings of Serbs during World War II, has quietly blocked plans for Pope John Paul II to visit Belgrade as part of the trip he plans this week to Sarajevo in Bosnia and Zagreb in Croatia.
It is being fought across the lines of the Great Schism that divided the Eastern and Roman churches in 1054, but the battlefield is also territory where religious hatreds flared with extraordinary viciousness during World War II.
Indeed, Sarajevo's Roman Catholic archbishop during the Second World War, Ivan Saric, was one of the most enthusiastic supporters of Croatian Fascist leader Ante Pavelic, describing him as ``a treasure from heaven.'' Although figures are disputed, most historians agree that the Pavelic government killed several hundred thousand Serbs in an attempt to eliminate them from Croatia and the large area of Bosnia it controlled.
``Several of us went to see the patriarch recently to ask him to reconsider his stance and accept the idea of an ecumenical Mass in Belgrade symbolizing the reconciliation of the churches,'' said Milan Bozic, a Serbian member of Parliament, ``but he insisted that in the name of all the Serbs killed during World War II, he would not see the pope.'' Mario Marrazziti of the Sant'Egidio religious community in Rome, a charitable organization with links to the Vatican that has been closely involved in planning the pope's visit, confirmed that negotiations for a pastoral visit to Belgrade symbolizing reconciliation had reached an advanced stage.
But, he said, the Serbian Orthodox Church remained unyielding in its anger over the perceived role of the Vatican in the breakup of Yugoslavia, over statements by Pope John Paul II that appeared to call for punishment of the Serbs for their acts in the Bosnian war, and over the Catholic Church's involvement with the Ustase during World War II.
Now their job gets tougher as Brown attends blitz school during the next couple of weeks.
Last month, Moscow put its support behind a rebel leader, Umar Avtur-khanov, after he formally broke with the Chechen government and pledged allegiance to Russia during a visit to Moscow.
``He's done a lot for California during the earthquake and I'm going to need his help,'' Brown said.
First, the defense will renew their challenge of physical evidence seized at Simpson's estate during a warrantless search in the hours following the June 12 slaying of Simpson's former wife and her friend.
But if the challenge fails, as it did in Municipal Court, the defense argues that evidence submitted during a preliminary hearing is insufficient to prove Simpson's guilt on double-murder charges beyond a reasonable doubt.
Legal scholars following the closely-watched case say the legal arguments raised in the motions filed by the defense team are consistent with those so far offered during pre-trial hearings.
``They can argue he did not do it, and then add at the end, `By the way, even if he did, the prosecution has to prove malice or it's not good enough.' '' Robert Pugsley, a professor at Southwestern University School of Law, said the defense ``may be entertaining the possibility that a manslaughter charge might be appropriate -- that he acted during a period of rage.'' Legal scholars give the motion to dismiss little chance of succeeding, and Municipal Judge Kathleen Kennedy-Powell previously rejected defense claims that the police search of Simpson's estate was illegal.
If the investment bank could not soar in the biggest bull market of the decade, prospects look distinctly unappetizing during bleaker times on Wall Street.
``Dear Sirs: We kids don't think it's fair for you to show O.J.'s trial during our kids shows -- Popeye, Bugs, Tom & Jerry.
Enough already about O.J. Simpson's murder case on almost every TV channel during the day.
Children should be able to turn on the TV during their summer vacation and after school, and enjoy Popeye, Bugs, and Tom & Jerry.
``Dear Sirs: We kids don't think it's fair for you to show O.J.'s trial during our kids shows -- Popeye, Bugs, Tom & Jerry.
Enough already about O.J. Simpson's murder case on almost every TV channel during the day.
Children should be able to turn on the TV during their summer vacation and after school, and enjoy Popeye, Bugs, and Tom & Jerry.
``Dear Sirs: We kids don't think it's fair for you to show O.J.'s trial during our kids shows -- Popeye, Bugs, Tom & Jerry.
Enough already about O.J. Simpson's murder case on almost every TV channel during the day.
Children should be able to turn on the TV during their summer vacation and after school, and enjoy Popeye, Bugs, and Tom & Jerry.
Kagame said that during the first months of the fighting the rebel forces suffered greater losses than in the final year.
Ms. Goldin points out that the percentage of population growth attributable to immigration in the last decade is close to the spectacularly high peaks during the decades of the Great Immigration prior to World War I -- 33 percent in the 1980s, compared with 28 percent in the 1890s and 54 percent in the first decade of this century.
In the mid-1980s, during another economic boom, Cuomo and legislative leaders in Albany, N.Y., agreed to nearly $5 billion in tax cuts.
And monthly rents for a one-bedroom apartment there rose to $750 from $400 during the period, the last for which figures are available.
Coupled with as much as $1 billion a year in new housing, much of it in Catholic neighborhoods, the reality of Belfast is much different from the enduring 1970s image of grimy, rain-soaked terrace houses.
But nowhere did her enjoyment of the game show more than during her doubles match with Jensen, who jogs in place between every point, slaps high-fives after every good play and seemed to have Pierce perpetually on the verge of a giggle fit.
``If you really go out there and enjoy it, don't take it too seriously, and just go out there and every day and look forward to it, then I think that helps a lot.'' All still is not perfect in Pierce's world -- she withdrew from Wimbledon for what she called ``personal reasons,'' and those reasons were widely believed to be connected to her father, who, even during this tournament, has continued to complain about his enforced separation from Mary and vent his rage over her taking on Bolletieri as a coach.
The proposal was outlined during an hourlong meeting on Monday afternoon between Deputy Assistant Secretary of State Michael M.
Bucky Richardson, who took Salisbury's backup job during training camp, came on in relief of Carlson in the third quarter of Sunday's 45-21 loss to the Colts and threw three touchdown passes in the fourth quarter.
Sixth in the 100 meters at the 1992 Olympics, Le made her major breakthrough last December in the world short-course championships, establishing a world 100-meter record in a 25-meter pool (one of 11 world records the Chinese women set during the meet).
But we have fought in every area that makes a difference to the regular, working people of this state.'' Richards said that during her administration, the rate of parole has been cut by two-thirds.
But during the triennial General Convention, the top church leaders, including Presiding Bishop Edmond Browning and Pamela Chinnis, president of the House of Deputies, said it is not time to do away with the conscience clause.
Except for an eight-month period during the breakup of his marriage, Thomas said, he has never stopped working.
In a separate incident on Sunday night, a rookie patrolman shot two people during a traffic altercation on the Bronx-Whitestone Bridge, and one of the men later died.
This is notably the case in Belfast during the summertime ``marching season,'' when contending communities emerge from their respective barricades to cheer parades that resound with drum and brass and martial songs laced with fighting words.
We wanted to make sure we could play if we got really short on backs.'' How much for a sideline pass?: Back on UCLA's sideline during the Tennessee game was booster Angelo Mazzone, whose purchase of 4,000 coveted Rose Bowl tickets from the school rankled Wisconsin fans who were at the mercy of ticket brokers to see the game.
Holcomb back on offense: Sophomore reserve Erik Holcomb from Westlake High School, who moved to safety during spring drills, will return to receiver to reduce his risk of head injury.
OFF-DUTY OFFICER SHOOTS TWO MEN NEW YORK  (BC-NY-BRIDGE-SHOOTING-NYT) An off-duty rookie police officer shot two men, killing one of them, during an altercation on the Bronx-Whitestone Bridge late Sunday night, police said.
Then, after Ocean Crest's 11-1 victory, voices were raised in the jockeys' room when favored Eagle Eyed and Corey Nakatani were disqualified from third for bumping Marvin's Faith and Kent Desormeaux three times during the stretch run.
So we'll simply tell the truth.'' But in fact, Pataki was responsible for tax increases of only 8.4 percent during the three years he served as mayor of Peekskill in northern Westchester County, according to Peekskill officials.
After having three head coaches during 1991 to 1993, the Devils have a fourth, Lemaire, back for his second year.
And center Todd Harvey, a 1993 No.1 draft pick who signed a four-year $3 million contract during the summer, looked mostly tired.
The Ontario native, who played junior hockey in Detroit last year, spent some time in Dallas during the summer but has yet to work out in the heat on a regular basis.
``It looked like we were in their huddle.'' After a career during which Jones' critics have wondered why he's allowed in any huddle at all, it is obvious the much-criticized 1991 first-round draft pick also earned his game ball for some reasons that didn't show up in film grading.
Do something good, week-to-week.'' Cowboys defensive coaches called the work against the Steelers (126 total yards to go with the nine sacks) the second-best performance during their time in Dallas.
He is a man of seemingly extraordinary intelligence, yet he has been accused, during his days in San Francisco, of a variety of moronic mischief.
Both receivers missed Saturday's 30-28 victory against Pittsburgh because they were suspended by school officials for accepting free use of a rental car for five weeks during the summer.
Assistant Tollie Royal saw something he didn't like during a recent practice -- a player dogging it.
Poultry must be raised without hormones and held in hand during slaughter.
``People have associated kosher with clean and pure, so the audience isn't just Jewish anymore,'' said Kaufman, who does 85 percent of her business during the Jewish holidays.
Poultry must be raised without hormones and held in hand during slaughter.
``People have associated kosher with clean and pure, so the audience isn't just Jewish anymore,'' said Kaufman, who does 85 percent of her business during the Jewish holidays.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) For most of the rest of the half, Washington was replaced by Lewis, who was acquired from the Chiefs during the off season.
Executives at Beech Aircraft, for example, noted that in four years during the 1980s, their company was sued 203 times for accidents involving its aircraft.
After the riots, fires and earthquakes, I think people want to get away.'' Kevin and Patty Foster and their two children, who live in Newport, R.I., usually take several small trips and one big one during the year, but last year they skipped the big trip.
There were many Americans.'' In the United States, summer vacationers, who typically account for about a third of all vacation travel during the year, seemed to be everywhere.
But what has all of that got to do with a great big candy puff like ``Prince Igor,'' which the City Opera will present on Saturday evening, during the opening week of its new season?
In this technique, a couple concerned about their risk of carrying a baby with a familial disease, like cystic fibrosis, can opt to have in-vitro fertilization, during which the early embryo is screened for the presence of the defective gene.
One way is to allow more time for each appointment during your day.
Till's terrible death is mythic, enduring.
On two occasions during the interview, he denied committing the crime.
That's what we got to fight to protect.' '' Milam portrayed Till as a tough, stubborn youth who never backed down during his abduction, and at one point told his two assailants: ``You bastards.
But it's also one of many rural Mississippi towns with a strong identity -- an identity gained during the harrowing, historic days of the civil rights movement.
When the Cowboys considered signing a veteran free agent during the exhibition season, Hoffman said they should rely on the rookie.
The Blazer advertisements will debut during the Country Music Awards later this fall.
Joe Six-Pack has found a scapegoat for the cushy job he lost during the state's four-year recession, and for the fading of the Californian Dream.
The Japanese firm has suffered so much during the past four years that it has turned to its American partner for help.
The Japanese firm has suffered so much during the past four years that it has turned to its American partner for help.
Joe Six-Pack has found a scapegoat for the cushy job he lost during the state's four-year recession, and for the fading of the Californian Dream.
The Japanese firm has suffered so much during the past four years that it has turned to its American partner for help.
And monthly rents for a one-bedroom apartment there rose to $750 from $400 during the period, the last for which figures are available.
Yet, during his four years as president, Bush never was embraced by the more conservative elements of his party.
Somehow, during the course of HIV infection, they become defective or destroyed.
She was in vogue especially during the wartime of my own adolescence, when I read ``Claudia'' even before meeting the girl I would marry.
Parks, who had a pacemaker installed in 1988 because of an irregular heartbeat, was struck repeatedly in the head in her home during last Tuesday's ordeal.
Said Conyers, ``She has had such great impact on me and all who have been fortunate to know her because her dignified conduct on that fateful day in Montomery, Ala., is precisely the way she acts and lives everyday in her life including during and after this most recent brutal attack.
28, I had devoted precious little thought during the past 43 years to Seattle.
It was my lot, while enrolled in Harry Truman's Navy during the Korean unpleasantness, to spend quite a bit of time in Seattle, which is across Puget Sound from Bremerton, Wash., where the ship to which I was sentenced was berthed for several months.
My most enduring memory of the city is of a mildly embarrassing occurrence that took place early one evening in an establishment called Danceland, or something like that.
One of the possibilities, the story said, is that the blobs came from jellyfish that were blown into the atmosphere by the Air Force during practice bomb runs in the Pacific and plummeted to earth, in gooey pieces, with the ever-present rainfall.
-- Employees have a place and time to relax during the workday.
After all, if Wonderbra had made its debut during the '60s -- when women burned their brassieres to symbolically protest male domination -- it would have caused nary a bump in the Zeitgeist.
The McClung House, thought to have been built in the 1790s, housed wounded soldiers during the Civil War.
The museum village is open during daylight hours year-round.
Rates are higher in October during the museum's annual Tennessee Fall Homecoming.
``I had hoped to cap my career by being a party to a decent, good, effective health care bill,'' he said in an interview during the Senate recess.
Metzenbaum's criticism of his congressional colleagues came in an interview during which he assessed his Senate career.
Metzenbaum said he is proud that during his term in the Senate he has voted his conscience, even though on many issues the votes did not reflect the views of his constituents.
The baldness had become her trademark during the 1990 tour for her second album, ``I Do Not Want What I Haven't Got,'' which lunged into the No. 1 spot on the British charts and topped the Billboard album chart within a month.
The effect was achieved anyway in the video that accompanied her brilliant rendition of Prince's song ``Nothing Compares 2 U.'' The camera never left her face during the song.
Pickle said his subcommittee was told by IRS that during a period when foreign-owned companies sold Americans over $1 trillion worth of imported goods, 72 percent of those companies failed to pay any U.S. income tax.
There is the benign ``shared tiredness'' that follows communal work, the kind felt by a troupe of actors after a play, a team of athletes after a game, or the men, women and children who threshed grain on Austrian farms during Handke's childhood.
(How right Handke's translator, the late Ralph Manheim, was to chose the colloquial ``tiredness'' instead of the more Latinate ``fatigue.'') There is the tiredness that comes from giving yourself to a task and going beyond what you thought was possible, the inspired tiredness during which the detective solves the crime, the doctor finds the cure and the dancer becomes the dance.
Heat can also be alternated with cold to help improve the range of motion of stiff or mildly swollen joints: four-minute warm baths (100 to 110 degrees Fahrenheit) are alternated with one-minute cold baths (55 to 60 degrees Fahrenheit), with range-of-motion exercises done during the warm phase.
EXPATRIOT HOTSPOTS IN PARIS PARIS  (BC-WINE-TALK-NYT) Back in the 1920s, during Prohibition in the United States, the routine went something like this: Traveling by ship from New York to the northern French city of Le Havre; by boat train to the Gare St.-Lazare railroad station in Paris, and then, after a quick stop at a hotel, by taxi to Harry's New-York Bar for a glorious, inexpensive and totally legal drink.
The bartenders are mostly English, young, long-haired and casual; the waitresses are much the same and dressed in what one French journalist described as ``style Laura Ashley.'' At lunch time and dinner, the clientele is predominantly American and English, particularly during the tourist season.
	MOSCOW (NYT) -- Saying they have resolved one of the enduring mysteries of 20th century history, a Russian government commission reported Tuesday that Princess Anastasia was indeed murdered along with her family by the Bolsheviks in 1918.
``Most had schizophrenia for 15 to 20 years.'' One patient, for example, was a 39-year-old man whose first symptom of schizophrenia, during his 20s, was the belief that aliens had implanted a radio in his brain.
Heat can also be alternated with cold to help improve the range of motion of stiff or mildly swollen joints: four-minute warm baths (100 to 110 degrees Fahrenheit) are alternated with one-minute cold baths (55 to 60 degrees Fahrenheit), with range-of-motion exercises done during the warm phase.
It's as if he had taken his cue from Molly herself, who admits, at one point, that the most she hoped for was ``a brief excursion to this land of vision,'' during which she might ``gorge on all those luminous sights and wonderful spectacles until I knew every detail intimately and utterly -- every ocean, every leaf, every field, every star, every tiny flower.'' Silver-haired and portly, his sonorous voice edged with a pomposity that betrays his insecurities, McKenna makes the doctor a relative of all those Graham Greene heroes who drink to forget a long-ago lapse from grace.
The owners are killing their business by demanding a salary cap and pushing the players into a strike during the season.
Peter Watrous of The New York Times has called him ``a beacon for young musicians.'' Discovered in 1986 in a Fort Worth nightclub by Marsalis (who heard the buzz about a deadly 16-year-old with a horn during a visit to the Arts Magnet High School in Dallas), Hargrove quickly became someone to be reckoned with in the insular jazz world.
Hargrove won the respect of many jazz fans and critics, suspicious of underaged and overpromoted stars, when he went up against the great tenor Sonny Rollins during a celebrated encounter at Carnegie Hall two years ago.
Once a regular during the last set at Bradley's in Greenwich Village, he can't remember the last time he made that scene.
Everyone wants to know the facts of the Simpson case but nothing enduring turns on them.
	The complaint by the former officer, Paula Coughlin, a 32-year-old former helicopter pilot, who charged that she was fondled and groped by drunken male aviators in a crowded third-floor hotel corridor, triggered a series of Navy and Pentagon investigations that ultimately concluded 83 women were assaulted or harassed during the convention.
Frost described a typical Ranger-shopping scene: ``It's mostly women, we all have our buggies in the parking lot, the doors open, it's like the buggy brigade.'' Linda Johnson, also of Arlington, learned that quickly during her first Power Ranger stalking experience.
One dedicated father disclosed that he managed to procure a Green Ranger by trekking to a Kay Bee location during a Thanksgiving ice storm and being there when the shipping box was opened.
``We had to address John Booty's progress in the secondary during the preseason.
But all the donors listed on those reports were residents of other states, even though GOPAC received nearly half a million dollars from about a dozen Georgians during the same period.
The interesting question raised by one of our number during an office discussion of this issue is ``Where do we stop?
Esrey went to Russia with U.S. Commerce Secretary Robert Mosbacher during the Bush administration.
Many of the same problems dogged Barry during his third term.
The voice was by Lorenzo Music, a writer and producer who co-created ``The Bob Newhart Show.'' Though Music had not done voice-over work previously, he read the character's lines during early auditions and won the part.
Carlton, whom Music has described as a slovenly heavy-drinking moocher in his 20s, had an official fan club during the late '70s.
--L.L., Rainbow, Texas A: Ferguson was impeached during the summer of 1917 on charges of misusing state funds.
Ferguson was a Temple banker who promised during a successful 1914 campaign to limit the rent landowners could charge tenant farmers.
The day before, the Dow fell 43 points -- to 2365 -- amid worries over rising inflation, rising oil prices (remember this was during the Persian Gulf crisis) and lower bond prices.
Many described the decline during the past two days as an overdue pause after the runaway rise of the market.'' The market kept falling and on Oct.
The day before, the Dow fell 43 points -- to 2365 -- amid worries over rising inflation, rising oil prices (remember this was during the Persian Gulf crisis) and lower bond prices.
Many described the decline during the past two days as an overdue pause after the runaway rise of the market.'' The market kept falling and on Oct.
``THE BLUE BOY'' A new edition of ``Masterpiece Theater,'' notable for the appearance of the Oscar winner Emma Thompson as a woman newly pregnant by her unfaithful husband, confronting an apparent ghost during a hotel visit.
Sister Elaine Goodell, a staff chaplain at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, was Bloom's ``spiritual bodybuilder,'' providing counsel, conversation or just company during his many hospital stays and insisting that he would get out of the hospital and on with his life.
MOSCOW IS ALMOST CERTAIN: ANASTASIA DIED WITH CZAR'S FAMILY MOSCOW  (BC-RUSSIA-PRINCESS-NYT) Saying they have resolved an enduring mystery, a government commission reported Tuesday that Princess Anastasia, long rumored to have survived the firing squad that killed Czar Nicholas II and his family, was indeed murdered by the Bolsheviks in 1918.
The government announced that only the czar had been killed, and the location of the bodies was never known during the 70 years of Communist rule.
In Serbia, however, officials of the Serbian Orthodox Church, apparently unforgiving of what they view as the complicity of some Roman Catholic bishops in the killing of Serbs in Croatia during World War II, blocked a visit to Belgrade.
Karadzic apparently refused to offer security guarantees and reportedly told Monsignor Monterisi that Muslim troops might launch an assault during the visit and blame the Serbs.
Students are assessed on the basis of 14 portfolios submitted during their last two years in a process similar to that of getting a doctorate.
It's during the season that you get the feeling how competitive your team is.
They're feeling pretty good.'' Randy McKay said, ``We didn't have enough time off during the summer to get out of shape.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
SLAP SHOTS The Devils have been divided into four teams and each played two games during the first two days of training camp.
In Europe, during the same period, eight million new jobs have been created with 6 out of 10 in the public sector.
In a bathroom at the student center on the Busch College campus of Rutgers, which crosses into Piscataway, N.J., during freshmen orientation week, several young women relinquished their weapons momentarily as they paused to check their hair.
Faced with a lack of funding, the state would be forced to either raise taxes, cut benefits or lower payments to medical providers, critics say, raising the specter of state-issued IOUs as seen during the budget crisis in 1992.
Malcolm X is also the most enduring image for a new generation of African-Americans.
She resigned from the service May 31 because of what she described as unrelenting pressure resulting from her complaint that she had been groped by drunken male aviators in a crowded third-floor corridor one night during the four-day convention.
The report, based on interviews with more than 2,900 people and issued in April 1993, described in vivid detail misconduct ranging from consensual oral sex to drunken assaults that had occurred during a full weekend of boozy partying.
 (BC-RWANDA-KAGAME-2NDTAKE-NYT) The new government was formed in July, during two days of meetings of the country's political parties.
Under the terms of a peace agreement signed at one stage during the civil war, in August 1993, elections were to be held in 1996.
Because of the high resale value of its cars, Toyota has offered generous lease deals, since people who lease pay only for the value of the car that they use during their contract, typically two or three years.
They will whip around the Earth with Discovery at more than 17,000 mph during the excursion.
Embraced in a $70 million Manned Maneuvering Unit, or MMU, McCandless zipped more than the length of a football field from his space shuttle during an 82-minute demonstration.
Though Perez was one of the party leaders briefly detained by U.S. troops during the invasion, he contends he represents the democratic wing of a party that was forced to cooperate with the military.
16 in a homemade boat that broke down during the trip with 28 people aboard.
Chaus' leadership, the company turned a profit in fiscal 1992, but during the last fiscal year lost $11 million, or 60 cents a share.
Already bothered by a calcium deposit related to a summer-long bout with tendinitis in his left ankle, Sampras developed blisters on his right foot during the 3-hour-38-minute match, his back stiffened, and toward the match's conclusion he was moving like a man mired in quicksand.
``Remember that we're now dealing with the second and third generation of people who were raised with a joystick in their hands during the 1970s.
POLICE HUNT FOR TIFFANY THIEVES NEW YORK  (BC-TIFFANY-HEIST-425&ADD-NYT) It was curiosity that drew Cathy Paul to the fabled showroom of Tiffany & Co. on Tuesday, the first day of business after daring robbers escaped with more than $1.25 million in jewelry during the weekend.
Most of the people who recognized Rosenbaum during his weekend campaign stops could not recall having seen any of Pataki's commercials.
``OK, let's really hear those balalaikas,'' said one of the Americans, a leather-vested, postmodern, post-communist, post-adolescent as he led a rehearsal of ``Sweet Home Alabama,'' the song that the Red Army Chorus is to present during the MTV Video Music Awards on Thursday night at Radio City Music Hall.
The 777's surprise incident came during a flight over eastern Washington on Aug.
Other flaws include the aircraft's air conditioning system, which couldn't withstand 110-degree temperature during tests in the Southwest; the nose landing gear doors, whose aerodynamic shape was adjusted with baffles; main landing gear braces, which occasionally fail to lock the wheels in place before landing; the tracks that move the wings' leading-edge slats, whose shape was changed to move the edge closer to the wing; and flaps at the trailing edge of the wings, whose configuration causes buffeting at certain speeds.
Liebow, born in Washington, dropped out of high school to join the Marine Corps in 1942 and saw action in the South Pacific during World War II, when he earned his high school diploma through correspondence courses.
Sister Elaine Goodell, a staff chaplain at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, has been at the side of Daryl Bloom during his long battle against bone cancer, offering counsel as well as an embrace.
Sister Elaine Goodell, a staff chaplain at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, has been at the side of Daryl Bloom during his long battle against bone cancer, offering counsel as well as an embrace.
Sister Elaine Goodell, a staff chaplain at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, has been at the side of Daryl Bloom during his long battle against bone cancer, offering counsel as well as an embrace.
It keeps you on your toes a little more when you're not as successful as you have been.'' Once a top goalie with the Philadelphia Flyers, Hextall found himself with his second different team in two years last fall, having been traded from the Quebec Nordiques during the off season.
Young was known to believe that Montana actually tried to make life more difficult for him during this time.
But about the only time they ever spent with each other away from the practice field or meeting rooms was on the golf course during training camp at Rocklin.
Brown is a brutally straightforward man, and about the worst thing you could do is imply that his worth is somehow tied to the numbers he compiled during his football career.
County Executive Gary Locke mentioned the amount during a news conference Tuesday when he distributed copies of a Sept.
Sister Elaine Goodell, a staff chaplain at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, has been at the side of Daryl Bloom during his long battle against bone cancer, offering counsel as well as an embrace.
Sister Elaine Goodell, a staff chaplain at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, has been at the side of Daryl Bloom during his long battle against bone cancer, offering counsel as well as an embrace.
``His numbers speak for themselves,'' said Kansas City Chiefs quarterback Joe Montana, who threw Rice 55 touchdown passes during the first six years of Rice's career.
``I play the game during the week in my mind,'' said Rice, whose 169-yard game Monday night puts him well on the way to topping the 1,503-yard season he had last year.
What organizers did not count on was an added twist to their announcement: the unexpected return of clubs Nelson used in winning those tournaments, plus seven others, during his record-setting 1945 season on the Professional Golfers' Association Tour.
Nelson also won the Tam O'Shanter tournament during his streak, but the course that hosted that event has closed.
The football team's mascot, a quarter horse the color of polished onyx that could outgallop Bam Morris, died after crashing into a stadium wall during he opening game Saturday.
So, basically, I just don't do stuff.'' Boniol might also consider donning a false nose and mustache after having become something of a media focus during his day-to-day competition with Cunningham.
``It'll be hard to do during the season, though,'' he says.
It was also determined that a moment of silence will be observed at Thursday's game against Nebraska in memory of Tech's mascot -- a black quarter horse named Double T, who died Saturday after throwing its rider during the New Mexico game and crashing head-first into a cement wall.
Lassic tore the quadricep ligament in his right knee during the July 31 preseason opener against the Minnesota Vikings and had surgery soon thereafter.
Like being prepared to be assaulted by black flies during summer trips to Canada's outback, be prepared for swarms of prostitutes in Cuba.
Bill Hewett starts to celebrate, reveling over the explosion that blew up his plane during World War II, the Nazis who captured him and the raspberry he blew in death's face.
What a great way to settle arguments during game time! A WINNER: The September PC Computing ($2.95) selected America Online as the winner in a usability face-off between it, CompuServe and Prodigy.
Non-fiction will be led by the memoirs of Barbara Bush, Dolly Parton, Marlon Brando, Burt Reynolds and Berry Gordy, while Doris Kearns Goodwin's No Ordinary Time, will dissect the Roosevelts during World War II.
Ann Richards' re-election campaign, said Richards supported and signed several important juvenile justice bills into law during her first term.
Like being prepared to be assaulted by black flies during summer trips to Canada's outback, be prepared for swarms of prostitutes in Cuba.
Bill Hewett starts to celebrate, reveling over the explosion that blew up his plane during World War II, the Nazis who captured him and the raspberry he blew in death's face.
What a great way to settle arguments during game time! A WINNER: The September PC Computing ($2.95) selected America Online as the winner in a usability face-off between it, CompuServe and Prodigy.
Non-fiction will be led by the memoirs of Barbara Bush, Dolly Parton, Marlon Brando, Burt Reynolds and Berry Gordy, while Doris Kearns Goodwin's No Ordinary Time, will dissect the Roosevelts during World War II.
Ann Richards' re-election campaign, said Richards supported and signed several important juvenile justice bills into law during her first term.
In Europe, during the same period, eight million new jobs have been created with 6 out of 10 in the public sector.
In a bathroom at the student center on the Busch College campus of Rutgers, which crosses into Piscataway, N.J., during freshmen orientation week, several young women relinquished their weapons momentarily as they paused to check their hair.
The Democratic incumbent's belittling of Bush reached new heights -- or depths, depending on your point of view -- when she referred to him as ``some jerk'' during a speech in Texarkana last month.
The city and its ancient citadel were devastated during four months of heavy fighting in 1972.
The city and its ancient citadel were devastated during four months of heavy fighting in 1972.
He said he reared three children during a long-term relationship with another man, and none of them was ever molested.
``Here is an organization that beat all the odds,'' said Weindruch, describing Tenneco's birth during World War II.
``Here is an organization that beat all the odds,'' said Weindruch, describing Tenneco's birth during World War II.
The study, released Wednesday, (CQ) surveyed more than 300 shows and 7,000 characters for one month during the 1992 fall television season.
The authors compared the 1992 content to programs aired during the 1950s.
Among the characters who made it to prime time, the study found that: About 16 percent of the Latino characters during the 1992 season committed crimes, compared with 4 percent each by African American and white characters.
Some of the programs observed during 1992 season attempted to include ``socially relevant'' messages involving Latinos, according to the study.
The traitor enjoyed wide support; a million people turned out to cheer him during an appearance in Paris only months before the city was liberated by the Allies.
But many people in France would rather not hear too much about exactly what happened during the Second World War because it is too painful.
And monthly rents for a one-bedroom apartment there rose to $750 from $400 during the period, the last for which figures are available.
``If these small towns are going to survive, we've got to change that way of thinking.'' In the view of some rural experts, an increasing materialism, especially during the 1980s, has made small towns less attractive.
And monthly rents for a one-bedroom apartment there rose to $750 from $400 during the period, the last for which figures are available.
``Most of the people in Paris had been in Seattle either during or prior to the Goodwill Games.'' While USOC leaders are campaigning for the 2002 Winter Games in Salt Lake City, Canadian Olympic officials are backing a bid for Quebec for the same event.
Pickle said his subcommittee was told by IRS that during a period when foreign-owned companies sold Americans over $1 trillion worth of imported goods, 72 percent of those companies failed to pay any U.S. income tax.
Thirty-seven percent of the eighth graders said their parents spoke with them about school three or more times during the school year, Dr. Muller said.
-- Children whose parents restrict television during the week, provide music classes outside school and offer some form of adult supervision after school also do better on achievement tests, Dr. Muller found.
The mid-1960s was also the period during which the animated Frito Bandito ``drew the wrath of Mexican-American groups'' as he appeared in TV commercials for Frito-Lay corn chips, the report recalled.
	BARBARA-BUSH -- Bending, if not quite breaking the silence on political issues that she kept during 30 years in public life, Barbara Bush says in a new autobiography that she disputes her husband's stances on abortion and gun control, regards Pat Buchanan's ``America-first'' speech at the 1992 Republican convention as a racist tract, and believed Bill Clinton ``did not have a chance'' to defeat George Bush in the last presidential election.
The owners are killing their business by demanding a salary cap and pushing the players into a strike during the season.
``THE BLUE BOY'' A new edition of ``Masterpiece Theater,'' notable for the appearance of the Oscar winner Emma Thompson as a woman newly pregnant by her unfaithful husband, confronting an apparent ghost during a hotel visit.
Malcolm X is also the most enduring image for a new generation of African-Americans.
``COBB'' Tommy Lee Jones portrays the sports legend during the last year of his life, as a biographer (Robert Wuhl) uncovers the darker side of his story.
	``I am the champion'' of the discus event, he said, adding that he had reaffirmed his supremacy in the event with several record-breaking throws of 27 meters during training this summer.
He said the sealing job is to be completed next year during another expedition to the sub's watery grave.
Bush also states, almost as an aside, that she was so deeply depressed during a brief period in 1975 that she sometimes stopped her car on highway shoulders for fear that she might deliberately crash the vehicle into a tree or an oncoming auto.
-- Middle-class tax cut: White House officials stoked speculation for a second day Wednesday that the president might rekindle the politically-popular middle-class tax cut that he promised during his 1992 presidential campaign.
Weatherspoon's activities came to the university's attention last December when he was caught attempting to take an algebra final for Tim Winburn, an offensive lineman who played for the Cougars as a freshman during the 1993 season.
The university also alleged at the time that Weatherspoon had taken a test for another student -- a non-athlete -- in a calculus class during the 1993 spring semester.
There is a strange lack of aromas in space, he said: Old Spice seemed an absolute delight; Joy dishwashing liquid, rubbed inside helmets to keep them from fogging up during space walks, was a big favorite.
In Jones' hab, there is a big window in the junior-sized wardroom, a sort of outer-space dinette, with a table for clamping down food trays during meals.
``That's like camping.'' But during the first very long flights, on Skylab, design complaints began to surface.
``I do want an education,'' he said during a recent interview at his family's pawn shop in McKinney.
```Sh-Boom,' in 1954, was the first crossover record,'' said Arthur Crier, a bass vocalist with several doo wop groups, during an interview Wednesday in Central Park with five fellow singers from Morrisania in the 1950s: Waldo Champen (tenor), Dean Barlow (lead), Eugene Tompkins (tenor), and Lillian Leach (soprano), and Mansfield, who was a lead singer.
Even Timbuktu may at this moment be colonized by Burger King tie-ins to ``The Lion King.'' So on a vacation during which I hoped to purge my mind of all things Whitewater, Brentwood and Presley-Jackson -- but had scant expectation of actually doing so -- I was at first startled and then delighted to discover an America-free zone in a most unexpected place not all that far from home: England.
At work or during other occasions where you'll be standing and walking for several hours, opt for lower heels, Lopez suggests.
 (BC-DENNIS-HOPPER-PROFILE-2NDTAKE-NYT) In Hopper's most famous roles -- including the genially vapid, pot-smoking hippie biker in ``Easy Rider,'' the landmark film the actor directed in 1969; the dithering, drug-crazed journalist in ``Apocalypse Now'' (1979), and the gas-sniffing sadist in ``Blue Velvet,'' David Lynch's 1986 film that more or less resuscitated Hopper's career during his recovery from years of drug and alcohol abuse -- there was always a keenness of mind flickering beneath the haze of eccentricity.
It's Prescott or something, I don't know what it is.'' (The film was shot in Willcox, Ariz.) Hopper was born in Dodge City, Kansas, in 1936; his father, who served in Indochina with the Office of Strategic Services during World War II, returned to become a postal worker.
 (BC-DENNIS-HOPPER-PROFILE-2NDTAKE-NYT) In Hopper's most famous roles -- including the genially vapid, pot-smoking hippie biker in ``Easy Rider,'' the landmark film the actor directed in 1969; the dithering, drug-crazed journalist in ``Apocalypse Now'' (1979), and the gas-sniffing sadist in ``Blue Velvet,'' David Lynch's 1986 film that more or less resuscitated Hopper's career during his recovery from years of drug and alcohol abuse -- there was always a keenness of mind flickering beneath the haze of eccentricity.
It's Prescott or something, I don't know what it is.'' (The film was shot in Willcox, Ariz.) Hopper was born in Dodge City, Kansas, in 1936; his father, who served in Indochina with the Office of Strategic Services during World War II, returned to become a postal worker.
Bennett, secretary of education during the Reagan administration.
``I think we have not yet exhausted all the talks' possibilities,'' he told journalists during a five-day visit on which he is coming under strong pressure from the Spanish government to speed up political and economic reform.
Last year, 432,000 hunters bought Texas hunting licenses and killed just fewer than 5.5 million doves during the season.
MEXICAN VOTE VALID DESPITE SOME IRREGULARITIES, OBSERVERS SAY WASHINGTON  (BC-MEXICAN-ELECTIONS-HNS) An international delegation of election observers said Wednesday that irregularities it found during Mexico's recent presidential elections weren't serious enough to change the vote's outcome.
Henry Waxman, a California Democrat, asked Gray during a House subcommittee hearing last year.
The acquisition is expected to be completed during the first quarter of 1995.
What a great way to settle arguments during game time! A WINNER: The September PC Computing ($2.95) selected America Online as the winner in a usability face-off between it, CompuServe and Prodigy.
The experimental sub, which was one of Moscow's top secrets during the cold war, went down with a nuclear reactor and two nuclear-tipped torpedoes on board.
He also has eliminated per diem expenses during training camp.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Messier, due to start his fourth season with the Rangers, is a 16-year veteran who played for five Stanley Cup champions in Edmonton during the first 12 seasons of his career.
But the secretary general of the PAN, Felipe Calderon Hinojosa, said he doubted Zedillo's proposal could be taken seriously, ``especially if you take into account the antidemocratic actions of the PRI during the campaign.'' 
Eagle Pass has but 14,000 registered voters, but Richards said it is an important hub that deserves the state's attention -- and not just during the election season.
Madden moved to Lehman in 1989 during an earlier period of turmoil at Kidder.
``But we have a gospel to preach, that it is possible to be successful right here on the battlefield, the erstwhile battlefield I hope, when people want to work together and get on with their lives.'' Workplace integration in Northern Ireland is a huge task, given the province's deep-rooted patterns of segregation and employment discrimination, primarily against Catholics, and the enduring enmity between the two communities.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Although there is a growing Catholic middle class, in inner-city ghettos, many Catholic families are enduring their second or even third generation of male unemployment.
The Trumans were the last first family to spend a significant amount of time at Blair House during White House renovations, and it was in their stay there in 1950 that a pair of Puerto Rican nationalists attempted to assassinate the president.
Separately, American yesterday said it will partially match the $25 ``Monday Night Football'' fares introduced by Southwest Monday night during ABC television's broadcast of a National Football League game between the San Francisco 49ers and the Los Angeles Raiders.
``It won't be the end of the world if I don't sign before the season,'' Brodeur said, ``but I would worry about it and that's something I don't want to do during the season.'' Brodeur may already be thinking about his contract because his performances during training camp have left plenty to be desired.
Her first two professional appearances -- in Zurich and in Filderstadt, Germany, the next week -- have been carefully scheduled to fall during Switzerland's autumn school holiday.
Clinton's lack of appeal on the stump means there is likely little he can do to stem the losses in Congress that traditionally strike the party that controls the White House during off-year elections.
That figure is hard for some presidential scholars to explain, given that the economy has steadily improved during Clinton's presidency and that he has scored some fairly significant legislative victories.
``I am the champion'' of the discus event, he said, adding that he had reaffirmed his supremacy in the event with several record-breaking throws of 27 meters during training this summer.
He was being persecuted for his father's policies during China's cultural revolution.
``They told me that they were very familiar with the situation of my injury and that they by all rights should stop me from taking part in the games,'' Fang said, ``but they also said that because I had worked so hard, and that due to my past achievements, they had made great efforts to allow me to participate.'' The terms included a pledge to avoid foreign journalists at the games and, should Fang win a medal, to avoid answering any questions about the cause of his injury during press conferences.
Not surprisingly, his most energetic physical gestures occur during his pauses, when he is listening to and encouraging the orchestra, rather than during his own cadenzas.
Executives of the newspaper said yesterday that The Times would begin a six-month test during which help-wanted advertisements that appeared in the newspaper would also be available on the Internet, the worldwide web of computer networks.
Last May, President Lee Teng-hui of Taiwan was not permitted to leave his airplane during a refueling stop in Hawaii on his way to Central America.
The official said Lee would now be able to leave his airplane during such stops.
He treats her shabbily sometimes, she said, even though she has been supportive during his ordeals.
And by Feliciano, a bank administrator during the week and a semipro player on weekends, keeping his arm in tune playing evening softball.
And by Feliciano, a bank administrator during the week and a semipro player on weekends, keeping his arm in tune playing evening softball.
As the Fighting Irish prepare for their meeting with Michigan here this Saturday, a game that nearly always catapults the winner toward championship consideration and relegates the loser to a less-than-elite level, their intense followers were asking two important questions: Were the breakdowns in the rushing game during the 42-15 season-opening victory over Northwestern last Saturday merely the result of a reconfigured offensive line still working to gain a sense of cohesiveness?
Holtz remembered thinking during two-a-day practices that his defensive line was becoming more and more impressive.
I was hoping we would have a pretty decent offensive line and maybe our defensive line was going to be a little bit better, but it turned out that maybe we were fairly effective during two-a-days because of the inability of our offensive line.'' Even if Michigan does not use the powerful running back Tyrone Wheatley -- he will not play, according to Wolverine Coach Gary Moeller, because of a pre-season shoulder injury -- the Irish feel they must rely on ball control to negate Michigan's effective offensive unit.
But during most of his life, it seems, hardly anyone -- except those same gang lords -- paid him much attention.
At his funeral Wednesday and during his wake Tuesday the debate raged on, often between complete trangers, who came together to stare into the dead boy's face and to worry about their own children and the future.
But he was only 11 and who knows, said Elder Willie James Campbell during the service Wednesday, what might have happened had the boy lived.
But at the core of the campaign waged by Duane, who is openly gay and who announced during the 1991 City Council race that he was HIV positive, is the notion that being the first congressman with the virus that causes AIDS would be more relevant to homosexuals and people with the disease than someone who simply sympathizes with them.
He introduced several pieces of legislation to block bias against both homosexuals and people with AIDS during his 16 years as an assemblyman and spoke out in favor of lifting the ban that excluded homosexuals from the military, among other things.
Profits at the Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette securities company, which helped Equitable stay afloat during its restoration, have fallen this year.
Benson says the next generation of cost cutting aims at saving $150 million during the next five years, including the impact of growth that occurs without adding expenses.
But one by one, until the number for 1994 reached 10 this week, they died sudden deaths, not, as they might have assumed, in combat with those who have made fear an enduring part of city life, but by their own hands.
Manhattan, 15th District: Charles Rangel, the dean of New York's Congressional delegation, faces two challengers in only his second primary contest during 24 years in office.
Denver acquired two top receivers -- Anthony Miller and Mike Pritchard from the Atlanta Falcons -- during the off-season.
It's unfortunate Brad had to go down for me to get an opportunity like that, but it feels good.'' A few eyebrows were raised when Anderson got the call last week, because the Jets had been stuffed on the previous two plunges, and Anderson had fumbled the ball in a similar situation during the preseason game against the New York Giants.
``Considerable progress was made in some areas during the first five years,'' Klagholz said.
The report said progress in the district was stalled during that time, as Dr. Scambio tried to run the district from Trenton.
Wood, head of Pacific Enterprises and presiding director of Southern California Gas Co. Pacific Enterprises is the parent corporation of Southern California Gas Co. He received $1.7 million in compensation during 1993.
``I am the champion,S he said, adding that he had reaffirmed his supremacy in the discus with several record-breaking throws of 27 meters during training this summer.
China later disqualified him, he said, because his legs were crushed during the Tiananmen Square uprising.
``I am the champion,S he said, adding that he had reaffirmed his supremacy in the discus with several record-breaking throws of 27 meters during training this summer.
China later disqualified him, he said, because his legs were crushed during the Tiananmen Square uprising.
``I am the champion,S he said, adding that he had reaffirmed his supremacy in the discus with several record-breaking throws of 27 meters during training this summer.
China later disqualified him, he said, because his legs were crushed during the Tiananmen Square uprising.
``I am the champion,S he said, adding that he had reaffirmed his supremacy in the discus with several record-breaking throws of 27 meters during training this summer.
China later disqualified him, he said, because his legs were crushed during the Tiananmen Square uprising.
CROWN HEIGHTS DEFENSE TEAM WILL ASK JUDGE TO STEP DOWN NEW YORK  (BC-NY-CROWN-HEIGHTS-425&ADD-NYT) Lawyers for Lemrick Nelson Jr., who is charged with violating the civil rights of a Hasidic scholar stabbed to death during the 1991 violence in Crown Heights, Brooklyn, said Wednesday that they would ask the U.S. judge assigned to the case to step down from it.
In fact, Sapolu said that, when he spoke to Montana during the off-season, they never even discussed the fact the two would be opponents, and said he didn't plan to talk to Montana about the game after it's over, either.
I feel the pocket, know when to step up and avoid the rush.'' That last point about moving in the pocket was a sore spot between Walsh and Stenstrom during their first season together in 1992 -- a very sore spot.
Upshaw tinkers with his car from time to time, but has never produced any enduring works of art.
 (BC-HKN-SHARKS-SF CHRON) According to defenseman Jeff Norton, the Sharks' co-player representative, San Jose has been discovered to be the only team in the league not limiting each player to a three-hour workday during training camp.
The Sharks and Irbe elected to keep a lid on the incident, and once word leaked out, it was also revealed that the dog had previously bitten a friend of Irbe's in Los Altos, where Irbe lives during the season.
``Lack of water is the most common source of physical fatigue, and water is the most important thing during an event, especially in the heat,'' she said.
These types of foods are hard on the gastrointestinal tract, she said, which already endures added pressure during a race.
In addition to cruciferous and spicy foods, Stone also recommends avoiding any type of new food item or beverage during a competitive event.
But don't ever just drink this on the day of an event, because if your body isn't used to it, it can make you sick, she said.'' Stone recommends experimenting with new foods or beverages during the training process to avoid unpleasant surprises when you want to perform your best.
Everyone is involved on a sailboat, especially during a race.
``It's just the wrong time for us not to be playing hockey, with baseball out and the way hockey has been so positive and on the upswing the last few years,'' Gretzky said this week during a training-camp break at the Iceoplex Arena in North Hills.
 (BC-FBN-RAIDERS-SMITH-LADN) Steve Smith was a company man from day one, rarely missing a day of work during the seven years he spent blocking for the Raiders.
``To have a setback right from the beginning is kind of frustrating, but that's how it is in trying to get into the swing of things.'' After being limited during the exhibition season, Smith said he is 100 percent.
The Vols had Heath Shuler, the Heisman Trophy candidate with another year of eligibility, patient backup Jerry Colquitt, the fifth-year senior still waiting after all these years; Mike Grein, the redshirt freshman who ran the Vol offense during the spring Orange and White game; and baseball-playing Todd Helton, who takes off each spring to sharpen his first baseman skills.
Bush accidentally severed a water main during a campaign stop here Thursday.
The latter is exactly what I did during the recent excursion.
You see, I expect to do a lot of crying during ``Baseball.'' Ken Burns' documentaries affect me that way.
But ``Baseball'' also will feature moving pictures and interviews with the greats -- the greats whom we as kids so revered that we didn't eat lunch during the entire sixth grade, saving our money to buy their baseball cards.
In March, during the primary campaign, Wilson sought to show off his computer savvy by hosting a highly publicized electronic discussion with three dozen computer network veterans.
I feel weird asking.'' While we can only guess about Blossom, the subject of fellow TV teen Donna's virginity has popped up on more than one occasion on ``Beverly Hills, 90210.'' Viewers can expect to see more of the same during the new season as she meets other potential love interests, according to Klein, the show's co-executive producer.
The character's virginity was discovered sort of by accident during a discussion about Quinn's relationship with Bryon Sully, played by Joe Lando, and how quickly it should progress on the show.
I feel weird asking.'' While we can only guess about Blossom, the subject of fellow TV teen Donna's virginity has popped up on more than one occasion on ``Beverly Hills, 90210.'' Viewers can expect to see more of the same during the new season as she meets other potential love interests, according to Klein, the show's co-executive producer.
The character's virginity was discovered sort of by accident during a discussion about Quinn's relationship with Bryon Sully, played by Joe Lando, and how quickly it should progress on the show.
And there are a lot of women, 20 percent, possibly 25 percent, mostly in teams with their husbands.'' Challender said the drivers he's talked with ``claim they are less tired during the day, and they don't mind the trip so much, when they listen to a good story.
``My style is to be out here,'' said Sharpton during a recent swing through several Albany and Schenectady neighborhoods.
Two years ago, as fellow Senate candidates Geraldine Ferraro, Robert Abrams and Elizabeth Holtzman slugged it out during a televised free-for-all, a subdued Sharpton stole the show by cautioning, ``Children are watching this.'' Without the four-way contest among well-known Democrats and the presidential election that attracted voters in 1992, it's questionable whether the Sharpton-Moynihan race will draw a large turnout.
``Hostility between Catholicism and Orthodoxy faded during the cold war when the Orthodox churches in communist Europe struggled for survival,'' according to French Catholic writer Christine de Montclose.
KEN BURNS COVERS ALL THE BASES IN HIS EPIC TV SERIES  (BC-TV-BASEBALL-2TAKES-SPI) Ken Burns' ``Baseball'' is a deeply involving immersion into America's most enduring, if not always endearing, pastime.
The game is spread by soldiers during the Civil War and played across the country by the end of the century.
One, a pair he wore during his part-time job at Wendy's after school.
This distinguishes race-walking from normal walking or jogging, during which the knee remains slightly bent.
But I don't think there's anything different about my writing today than what I did during the hard years.'' ``Dixie City Jam'' (Hyperion, $22.95) is the seventh novel featuring Robicheaux, the deputy sheriff of New Iberia, La. The books have earned Burke a place in a small circle that includes Tony Hillerman and Elmore Leonard, crime novelists whose work edges into literary fiction.
	ALGERIA-UNREST (Paris) -- The Algerian government has begun secret talks with imprisoned leaders of Muslim fundamentalist opponents whose armed groups have wreaked havoc on the North African nation during two years of urban guerilla warfare according to Algerian officials.
``Then the flaws were almost instantly revealed.'' 	Some tinkering was done during the run in Sag Harbor; some scenes were reordered chronologically, for instance.
I was elbowing my way across the packed, boisterous floor of the Las Vegas Convention Center during the 1992 Consumer Electronics Show.
Baby boomers Bill and Hillary Clinton still have a string quartet on hand to play for their dinner guests during the cocktail hour.
Finley tried to fire an Oakland second baseman during the World Series, and sure, George Steinbrenner lambasted a Yankee third-base coach and various pitchers during post-season games, but the salary cap has introduced a new ownership excuse: ``The devil made me do it,'' as Flip Wilson used to say.
Some customers report team building during play is an added benefit.
Shrader, author of the Pentagon's definitive study on friendly fire, said American air crews have not been court martialed for mistaken attacks on allied forces or civilians since a rare prosecution during World War II.
``Military and political leaders are generally skittish'' in the wake of the Navy's Tailhook scandal in which Navy and Marine aviators were accused of manhandling women during a convention in Las Vegas, Shrader said.
The April incident contrasted with the flawless coordination between fighters and AWACS planes during the 43-day Persian Gulf war.
However, American ground forces during the Persian Gulf War suffered a higher rate of friendly fire casualties than in any previous conflict, with nearly one-quarter of U.S. fatalities attributed to fire from U.S. forces.
``I know I'm not washed up or deteriorated,'' Taylor said Thursday from Las Vegas during a conference call.
Neil and Mess have a good relationship.'' Messier, due to start his fourth season with the Rangers, is a 16-year veteran who played for 5 Stanley Cup champions in Edmonton during the first 12 seasons of his career.
GOVERNMENT HAS BEGUN PEACE TALKS WITH OPPOSITION LEADERS PARIS  (BC-ALGERIA-UNREST-525&ADD-NYT) The Algerian government has begun secret peace talks with imprisoned leaders of the militant Muslim opposition whose armed groups have racked the North African nation during two years of urban guerrilla warfare, Algerian officials said on Thursday.
She has said that she was groped by drunken male aviators in a crowded third-floor corridor one night during the four-day convention.
A conscientious objector, he worked in mental hospitals during World War II and also served as a volunteer for malaria experiments.
After the luncheon, Kohl and other senior visitors laid wreaths at a monument commemorating the 1948-49 Berlin airlift, during which Western armies broke a Soviet blockade by flying 1.8 million tons of food and other goods into Berlin.
Berlin was in a state of managed but permanent crisis, and, at several moments, most memorably in October 1961, when Soviet and American tanks faced each other during a two-day standoff at the Checkpoint Charlie border crossing, the crisis seemed on the brink of exploding into war.
The ``crew'' of drug dealers broke all Vikki's furniture during long nights of rough-housing.
Indeed, the data show that whether Ziff Communications Co. was setting out to spruce up for the auction block or simply pursuing the next logical stage of development, it had taken a number of steps during the last few years to improve profitability -- just the sort of financial touch-up that would make it more attractive to buyers.
As Ziff recovered his health during the 80's, the company rode the crest of the personal computing wave.
Rabin, who was Israel's army chief in 1967, said during his election campaign in 1992 that to withdraw from the Golan would be to surrender Israeli security.
That Likud position was reiterated on Thursday by Benjamin Netanyahu, the party leader, who said: ``What has kept the peace in the Golan during the last 20 years is the fact that we kept Damascus in an ironclad: the army tanks that stand at a spitting distance from Damascus.'' In the 1973 Middle East war, Syria attacked Israeli positions on the heights, overrunning them until it was pushed back, then losing not only its gains on the Golan but also more territory.
The three-hour meeting held Wednesday night grew out of telephone conversations earlier in the week and during the weekend between Jerry McMorris, owner of the Rockies, and union officials.
Jean-Bertrand Aristide, the populist president who was deposed and exiled three years ago, ran an orphanage that was burned down during the coup.
But if I can be as consistent as I was during the whole tournament, I think I have a good chance.'' On the other side of the draw, Sabatini is fighting to regain control of a declining career.
The most promising candidate is Catherine Abate, a respected commissioner of corrections during the Dinkins administration.
League officials will meet with representatives of the competing cities on September 23 in New York, and clubowners will vote during a meeting Nov.
``We can't put our heads in the sand again and pretend what we know is happening isn't happening,'' Pursley said during an interview on a rest day at the swimming championships.
Cheng said the Chinese, unlike American and European swimmers, also continue lifting during their taper training period, often up to six days before major competitions (U.S. swimmers, not all of whom lift, often stop up to three weeks before a competition).
In 1971, criticized for neglect of its Judaica collection and facing a substantial deficit, the museum's board decided that the institution should devote itself to ``a commitment to the Jewish community.'' The museum was shut during that year, and Mrs.
And documents being reviewed by prospective bidders indicate that Ziff Communications had taken a number of steps during the last few years to improve profitability -- just the sort of touch-up that would make it more attractive to buyers.
The city and its ancient citadel were devastated during four months of heavy fighting in 1972.
The city and its ancient citadel were devastated during four months of heavy fighting in 1972.
But Thursday during the hourlong speech, Quayle appeared relaxed, confident and poised to enter the presidential contest after his self-prescribed waiting period ends with the November 8 elections.
Two weeks ago, at another busy midtown subway station, transit police were chasing a suspect during the evening rush hour, and gunfire erupted between the transit police and an off-duty, plainclothes police office.
As the former head of Drexel Burnham Lambert's merger and acquisitions department, Black helped bankroll many of Kohlberg, Kravis' acquisitions during the 1980s, including Walter Industries.
Despite absorbing relentless punishment, particularly during the '92 season, he has started 32 straight games since being made the starter midway through the 1991 season.
Keith Gilbertson, after being under heat in 1992 and during the '93 slump, has won over most of the Berkeley skeptics and earned a two-year contract extension last winter.
Shrader, author of the Pentagon's definitive study on friendly fire, said American air crews have not been court martialed for mistaken attacks on allied forces or civilians since a rare prosecution during World War II.
``Military and political leaders are generally skittish'' in the wake of the Navy's Tailhook scandal in which Navy and Marine aviators were accused of manhandling women during a convention in Las Vegas, Shrader said.
The April incident contrasted with the flawless coordination between fighters and AWACS planes during the 43-day Persian Gulf war.
However, American ground forces during the Persian Gulf War suffered a higher rate of friendly fire casualties than in any previous conflict, with nearly one-quarter of U.S. fatalities attributed to fire from U.S. forces.
``It just feels good knowing I'm healthy again.'' New mask: Goaltender Kelly Hrudey finally has gotten rid of the battered birdcage mask he used during his first 11 NHL seasons.
JUDGE CHIDES PROSECUTORS IN CROWN HEIGHTS CASE NEW YORK  (BC-NY-CROWN-HEIGHTS-NYT) The judge in the case of Lemrick Nelson Jr., who is charged with violating the civil rights of a Hasidic scholar stabbed to death during the 1991 violence in Crown Heights, raised sharp questions on Thursday about the Justice Department's effort to prosecute Nelson.
As the former head of Drexel Burnham Lambert's merger and acquisitions department, Black helped bankroll many of Kohlberg, Kravis' acquisitions during the 1980s, including Walter Industries.
It's no coincidence that they've surrendered an average of 27.8 points during that span.
He understands football.'' The four-receiver set grew out of concern during spring football about the Bruins' depth at running back.
Sharmon Shah was coming off a medical redshirt season during which he had surgery on both knees.
``They want me to change helmets,'' Gretzky said during a break between practice sessions at the Iceoplex in North Hills earlier this week.
Take the childish position of NHL president Gary Bettman to eliminate travel allowances and meal money and to make players pay for their own health insurance during training camp.
Heck, the Rice kickoff coverage team outflanked McElroy by an 11-1 margin last season and never laid a finger on him during two consecutive returns for first-quarter touchdowns.
A field full of Texas Longhorns came up with nothing last Thanksgiving during McElroy's 100-yard kickoff return for a touchdown.
Thompson said that during the 1993-94 school year, assaults dropped 20 percent over the previous school year while assaults with a deadly weapon dropped 30 percent and weapon possession cases dropped 30 percent.
More significantly, he said, the economic growth of the area could be slowed by as much as 20 percent during the three-year period.
If you act like an ass, it makes you feel bad when you look back on it.'' Mantle, who retired during spring training in 1969, believes his reputation as a hard liver took on a life of its own.
The 35-year-old NASCAR driving star, who lives in Rockwell, N.C., was critically injured when his Ford Thunderbird crashed during a practice session at the Michigan track on Aug.
NOT SURPRISINGLY, SCHOTT'S VIEWS ON STRIKE ARE UNIQUE LOUISVILLE, Ky.  (BC-STRIKE-SCHOTT-COX) Cincinnati Reds CEO Marge Schott offered an, uh, unique way to settle the baseball strike Thursday night during a cameo appearance at the Indianapolis-Louisville Class AAA American Association playoff game.
The city and its ancient citadel were devastated during four months of heavy fighting in 1972.
The city and its ancient citadel were devastated during four months of heavy fighting in 1972.
But the mere fact that he kept more than a dozen of Armand's letters even after he came to power strongly suggests the enduring nature of his passion.
I was elbowing my way across the packed, boisterous floor of the Las Vegas Convention Center during the 1992 Consumer Electronics Show.
GM doctors revealed the results during a medical symposium in Detroit earlier this month.
As a result of heated counseling by constituents during the recess, many legislators ought to have fresh stories about the practical effects of proposed reforms.
I think you're going to see more and more audience participation.'' The debate also would include a traditional segment during which a panel of three reporters would ask questions on topics chosen by the Broadcasters Association.
The story plants a disgraced gambler (Stephen McNally) in an unlikely heroic position during a siege on a town run by mean-spirited settlers.
In another twist, Sprint -- the nation's No.3 long-distance phone carrier -- confirmed it fired a vice president last month for falsifying records during the NLRB probe.
Some employees alleged they were harassed during the organizing campaign.
In another twist, Sprint -- the nation's No.3 long-distance phone carrier -- confirmed it fired a vice president last month for falsifying records during the NLRB probe.
Some employees alleged they were harassed during the organizing campaign.
In presenting a lifetime achievement award to the Rolling Stones, Rolling Stone magazine publisher Jann Wenner driveled on for what seemed like more than 20 minutes about how much the enduring rock band had meant to him throughout his life.
The plane had been inspected regularly, the last time on Wednesday during an overnight stay in Hartford, Conn.
We've got to save urban areas for people who never get to Yellowstone or Yosemite,'' ranger Chris Powell says during a tour of the 1,480 acres of prime San Francisco real estate.
It was fortified during the Civil War, housed calvary troops who patrolled the national parks until 1914, and served as a refugee camp during the 1906 San Francisco earthquake.
For instance, the controversy surrounding Vanessa Williams' ouster during her Miss America term after nude pictures of her turned up in Penthouse is ignored.
There is even one particularly rebellious former Miss America who refused to wear high heels with her bathing suit in personal appearances and lived to tell about it (later, even burning her bra during the '60s).
The other story is even more unlikely: an 8-year-old girl who wrote to 100 soldiers serving during the Persian Gulf War, receiving but a single answer.
Where Spike Lee has darted from sex farce (''She's Gotta Have It''), to musical comedy (''School Daze''), to tragic violence (''Do the Right Thing''), to race-relations commentary (''Jungle Fever''), Fanaka touches all those bases during the course of this single movie.
The U.S. Defense Nuclear Agency has estimated that 200,000 military and civilian employees of the Defense Department were exposed to some amount of radioactivity during 235 U.S. atmospheric tests from 1944 to 1962.
Although it is the nation's sixth-largest carrier, for instance, it has more daily departures than any other airline, thereby increasing its exposure to crashes, which occur most often during take-offs and landings.
The plane had been inspected regularly, the last time on Wednesday during an overnight stay in Hartford, Conn.
Archeologists are particularly eager to preserve an intricately carved four-story stone temple built in Sichuan Province during the Ming Dynasty to honor a legendary general, Khang Fei.
Representatives of advocacy groups for the elderly, the sick, veterans, federal workers and retirees -- the biggest beneficiaries of so-called federal entitlement programs -- all told the President's bi-partisan Commission on Entitlement and Tax Reform that they've sacrificed enough during the past two years of budget-cutting on Capitol Hill and shouldn't be targeted for more cuts.
Schweizer cites an unnamed U.S. official for his description of a private meeting between Reagan and Saudi King Fahd during the king's February 1985 visit to Washington.
But we'd be better off if more people were.'' In his first major address since returning from summer vacation, Clinton warned that America is ``raising a whole generation of kids who aren't sure they are the most important persons in the world to anybody.'' With nearly 40 percent of children born out of wedlock and 27 percent of all pregnancies ending in abortion, Clinton told his predominantly middle-class audience, ``Now, I don't care what your position is -- whether you're pro-choice or anti- -- that's too many.'' The Democrat also hailed efforts by inner city ministers to bring together parents who had children out of wedlock and to rebuild families broken by divorce ``for the children's sake.'' As Clinton put it: ``We need to do more of that.'' The president's comments in New Orleans, the city where George Bush named Quayle to the GOP ticket in 1988, came barely 24 hours after Quayle told the Commonwealth Club of California in San Francisco that ``raising a child is not just a mother's responsibility, it is a father's responsibility too.'' Quayle, who says he will decide on a 1996 campaign for the presidency after this year's midterm congressional elections, said that ``too often fathers walk away from their children, or worse yet, they don't even know who their children are.'' The political climate has changed dramatically since Quayle was ridiculed during the 1992 presidential campaign for criticizing the television character Murphy Brown for having a child out of wedlock.
They play by the rules, and they work hard, and they do their best.'' A southern Baptist who won widespread black support in his 1992 presidential campaign, Clinton cited scripture twice during his address and praised Jackson three times by name.
The organization sent 13,000 children to school during its first year, the 1992-93 school year.
It was able to help only 4,200 children during the past school year.
The Haitian government, which contributed $5 million gourdes ($320,000) to the foundation's inaugural year, gave nothing during the past year.
Exhibited last weekend during Railroad Days in Topeka, No. 1522, pulling a baggage car and three passenger coaches, came through here on its way north 10 days ago.
The team has two premier receivers acquired during the off season: Anthony Miller from the Chargers and Mike Pritchard from the Atlanta Falcons.
Elway has engineered 32 game-saving drives during the fourth quarter; the Broncos are 31-0-1 in those games.
Boggs, who taught social science at York College of the City University of New York, had interests that ranged widely, from the experiences of Afro-American servicemen in Sweden during the Vietnam period to the relationship between Afro-Cuban music and early rhythm-and-blues and rock-and-roll.
SISTER PARISH, WHITE HOUSE DECORATOR  (BC-PARISH-OBIT-600&add-NYT) Sister Parish, the acclaimed and enduring American interior decorator who began her career as a young Depression-era mother and later came to redesign rooms of the White House during the Kennedy administration, died on Thursday at her home in Dark Harbor, Maine.
He played one game in each of his first two years with the organization and played 15 games last year, when he was promoted twice during the regular season because of injuries.
In Brazil, the enduring myth of an all-providing state has kept discussion of private pension funds out of debate pending the Oct.
Richter's agent, Herb Pinder, said Richter was protected financially if he should suffer an injury during training.
PROSECUTORS PORTRAY ACCUSED TEEN AS POOR CANDIDATE FOR REHABILITATION NEW YORK  (BC-CROWN-HTS-TRIAL-450&ADD-NYT) Federal prosecutors say the teen-ager charged with violating a Hasidic Jew's civil rights by fatally stabbing him during the 1991 Crown Heights violence should be prosecuted as an adult because his prospect for ``successful juvenile rehabilitation is limited,'' according to court papers unsealed Friday.
The prosecution argues that the case should be transferred out of juvenile court because the lethal assault was the ``most severe example of the mob violence that occurred during the four days of rioting'' in the Brooklyn neighborhood in August 1991.
The federal prosecutors, Valerie Caproni and Alan Vinegrad, also said in court papers that the razor attack ``resulted in Nelson's expulsion from school, during which Nelson physiclaly resisted the police officers who were attempting to arrest him after Nelson refused to leave the school grounds.'' The New York City police said Nelson, who was arrested near the scene of Rosenbaum's stabbing, had a bloody knife in his pocket and admitted the stabbing.
Rosenbaum, 29, was stabbed during violence in which black youths attacked Hasidic residents of Crown Heights after a car driven by another Hasidic man struck and killed a black child.
As well, he could find encouragement from a newly published report that during the Ford administration Henry Kissinger sought, unsuccessfully, to move toward full diplomatic normalization with Cuba.
The company ran ads showing violence during a strike by the United Mine Workers at the Pittston Coal Co. The union countered with film of the new vacation home of Tultex chief executive John Franck, built, the ad said, while the company was in trouble.
The experiment is to work periodically during the mission for a total of 45 hours to see how well the laser beam can track industrial pollution, volcanic ash and desert dust that can choke the atmosphere.
In theory, the weightlessness of space can aid the formation of crystals during semiconductor heating and cooling.
In an emergency, undocking the shuttle would take too long during an emergency so NASA decided to develop the jet pack.
Those days are over, Broady says, adding, ``I've got to readjust my living.'' The union contends cuts made during the last year have cost workers an average of $2,850 in benefits and $3,000 in wages.
He broke the 800-meter record last month in Victoria, Canada, during the Commonwealth Games.
The shop has grown from four stations to nine and during the summer Carter hired a high school student to work in the shop as an apprentice.
But the Employment Development Department, whose numbers are more closely followed and which had the state losing jobs during that same period, relies only on established businesses.
 (BC-SHUTTLE-HNS) The shuttle Discovery roared into space Friday with a cargo of exotic hardware for studies of the Earth and sun as well as a new jet pack that two astronauts plan to use during a daring spacewalk.
Susan Grake and her seven-year-old son, Paul, stopped into the Springfield, Va., store to buy a tether to keep their dog, White Socks, from roaming away from their campsite during their vacation.
There were investigators from the National Transportation Safety Board and the Federal Aviation Administration, who recovered the plane's ``black box,'' its flight recorder, Thursday night, the first step in trying to determine what sent the plane plummeting straight down during its approach to the Pittsburgh airport's Runway 28-Right.
But the Employment Development Department, whose numbers are more closely followed and which had the state losing jobs during that same period, relies only on established businesses.
And although USAir is the nation's sixth-largest carrier, only Delta Air Lines has more daily departures, thereby increasing USAir's exposure to crashes, which occur mostly during takeoffs and landings.
Sampras spent the summer nursing a case of ankle tendinitis that flared up during Davis Cup and was responsible for the poor conditioning that cost him his title defense here this year.
With the exception of Citibank, the banks were nationalized in 1981, and during a decade of government management, they fell far behind in the services and modernization offered by banks in other countries.
The plane had been inspected regularly, the last time on Wednesday during an overnight stay in Hartford, Conn.
``It's too early to draw many conclusions from what we saw during our brief visits to the site,'' he said.
Many people expected Anthony to be traded soon after the Knicks drafted Ward, who was impressive during summer league play.
If Rivers struggles during training camp, New York will need a reliable backup for Derek Harper, the starting point guard.
``You have to really play great to beat these players.'' While Sabatini made her costliest service errors during the tie breaker, it was Novotna's triple outpouring of double faults in the 11th game of the second set, when she served against the powerful whirlwinds that plagued all four semifinalists Friday, that proved suicidal to her cause and infinitely useful to Graf's.
Of the 10 service breaks in their match, not to mention their dual ineptitude from the service line during the tie breaker, six belonged to Sanchez Vicario and four to Sabatini, who paid a harsh price for her failure to convert any of the nine other break chances she earned against the Spaniard.
Bombardier was the target of heavy attacks by Cuomo in 1982 when it received a big contract to build rail cars for Metro-North during his first campaign for governor.
Davis started at defensive end in the season opener against the San Francisco 49ers, but left during a practice on Tuesday after getting into a fistfight with rookie linebacker Greg Biekert.
``You could kill two people standing next to each other with these bullets,'' Simmons said, handing out fliers to commuters walking along the No.4 train platform during the morning rush hour Friday.
MOST EXPERTS CONSIDER 737 VERY SAFE SEATTLE  (BC-737-SPI) The Boeing Co.'s 737 airliner has been involved in more fatal accidents around the world than any other plane of its size during the past six years.
The crash of USAir Flight 427 outside Pittsburgh on Thursday was the second-worst during the period.
By comparison, McDonnell Douglas' DC-9 and its successor, the MD-80, have been involved in 10 accidents, in which a total of 130 people died during the past six years.
The plan was refined during intense debate between the AQMD staff and representatives of various trade and commerce sectors.
Lee Bailey, a member of Simpson's defense team, showed up at the Criminal Courts Building in downtown Los Angeles to study a high-tech system that will be used during the trial to present evidence to the jury via computer.
U.S. District Judge John Davies is scheduled to review the payment requests during a Sept.
A federal jury earlier this year, awarded King $3.8 million in compensation for the injuries he sustained during a 1991 videotaped beating by Los Angeles Police Department officers.
In all, about two dozen attorneys are seeking payment, including current and former attorneys of King, those who appeared in court and those who worked behind the scenes at some point during the high-profile case, Vincent said.
John Burris and Fred Sayre, attorneys who also assisted during the trial, each have submitted bills for more than $600,000.
 (BC-ESTEP-POET-2NDTAKE-NYT) She soon became part of the budding performance scene that coalesced during open-mike sessions every Sunday night at ABC No Rio, a tiny East Village art space.
In demonstrating its enduring commitment to the sanctity of life from the moment of conception, the Vatican told the world's 980 million Catholics that, whatever their governments agreed to, the pope had not wavered.
But the rise of Reason during the 17th and 18th centuries began the soothsayers' slide from reverence to ridicule.
THE LASTING EXILE OF CUBAN SPIRITS  (BC-CUBA-REVIEW-2TAKES-NYT) For many Cuban exiles, Cuba is like a long-lost lover in a faded photograph for whom they try to maintain their passion during decades of marriage to someone else.
Teachers for the magnet were so motivated about the new classroom technology that they volunteered to come in during the summer to learn how to operate it -- convinced it will dramatically improve student achievement.
Chavis, Jr's., turbulent 16-month tenure as executive director of the NAACP, one of the more bizarre -- and telling -- events occurred during a press conference on Aug.
In the NAACP itself, 10 of the top 12 executive positions during Chavis' tenure were held by men, and women hold only 15 of the 64 seats on the board of directors.
Teachers for the magnet were so motivated about the new classroom technology that they volunteered to come in during the summer to learn how to operate it -- convinced it will dramatically improve student achievement.
``It is the evolution of all the advances that have happened since we opened our first smart classroom.'' At the new classroom last week, 14-year-old Steve Keddington helped input software and wire together CD-ROMs. Now a ninth-grader at Channel Islands High School, Keddington gained enough computer skills during his time at Blackstock to now help his former teachers set up the new math lab.
Barnett has ranked eight major airlines according to their safety records during three 10-year periods: 1983-1993, 1978-1988 and 1973-1983.
In general the Japanese have been considered hard-working, honest people in the communities where they settled, but they have also faced discrimination; their stores and homes were often ransacked, and during World War II many of their businesses were confiscated -- including a tire repair shop owned by Fujimori's father.
Several times during the campaign, Johnson has had to enter buildings through back doors to avoid demonstrations by construction workers and civil servants angry at government cutbacks.
He said during a television debate with Johnson on Aug.
They also haven't scored a touchdown in Sun Devil Stadium during that streak.
Clinton's gift for empathy with ordinary people served him well during his campaign, and he used it again on Friday in his speech to the National Baptist Convention in New Orleans.
He talks of a ``slight pullback'' that would last three years, adding that Israel expects that full and normal relations would develop with Damascus during that trial period.
``Between these three loops, each rider passes by about a dozen times during a three-hour race,'' he said.
It was in Atlanta during the 1990 season, a game in which Rice caught five Montana passes for touchdowns and compiled 225 receiving yards.
Once politicians saw the light about the new medium -- which they did during the Kennedy-Nixon debates, just after the quiz show scandal subsided -- they started appropriating the same devices to sell a less benign product, themselves.
But some cruise lines prefer to have the inspector carry out the work during the cruise, as a convenience to passengers.
A few weeks ago Cadman said he had given his staff no new instructions about accepting gratuities, and during a round-table discussion with eight Miami office employees, all of them said they had not heard about the report.
I thought I was in another country.'' But before long the old El Salvador re-emerged, the dealer said, when narcotics detectives beat him bloody during interrogation after he bribed a judge to dismiss the charges.
More troubling is emerging evidence that death squads, which killed thousands of leftists and moderates with impunity during the war, have transformed themselves into criminal bands that are also working against reform.
Nelson, 19, is accused of violating the civil rights of a Hasidic man, Yankel Rosenbaum, by stabbing him to death during the violence in which black youths assaulted Hasidim in the Brooklyn area in August 1991, after a car drvien by a Hasidic man killed a black child.
Nosair, who in 1991 was acquitted of the Manhattan murder of Rabbi Meir Kahane, the Jewish militant, and Larry Davis, for whom Warren won one acquittal on charges of murdering a drug dealer during the 1980s.
School officials said they planned to relocate students in the closed schools to other public schools with extra space or to churches that have classroom space available during the week.
But despite scoring 70 points -- third-highest on the team -- last season was considered an off year for King, whose mother died during the first week of the regular season.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) There has been little talk among the hockey players of selective wildcat strikes during the exhibition season, for games in which players get no regular-season pay while fans are forced to pay full price for seats under their season-ticket plans.
 (BC-HKN-RANGERS-2NDTAKE-NYT) The current flap comes at a critical time for hockey, during its most positive window of opportunity in many years.
Because both Secretary of State Warren Christopher and Anthony Lake, the national security adviser, were on vacation during most of the second half of August, large policy roles fell to two other officials.
Vance during the Carter administration, he held secret talks in Havana aimed at normalizing relations with Cuba.
Its heyday was the 1988 Presidential race, during which Ms. Fulani was on the ballot in 50 states and received 217,000 votes.
``I voted for him in '92 and like and support everything he stands for,'' Kay Jakowich, a Denver bookkeeper, said during the rally here.
Then Perot asserted that Clinton should abandon any plans for invading Haiti ``since as a young man during Vietnam he refused to risk his life.'' At that, some Perot partisans bounded to their feet, shouting and cheering.
The Orthodox Church, which declined to invite the pope to Belgrade, has been unforgiving of what it sees as the Roman Catholic Church's complicity in a policy of genocide and forced religious conversion of Orthodox Serbs pursued by Croatia's puppet-Nazi Ustashe regime during World War II.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Milan Martic, the leader of the Serbs, who have occupied close to one third of Croatia since the Croatian war ended in late 1991, has called on the pope to condemn what he called ``the Croatian church's participation in war crimes during World War II.'' Historians are divided about the Roman Catholic Church's role, with some saying that it enthusiastically backed the regime of the Fascist leader, Ante Pavelic, and others arguing that such backing came only from isolated churchmen like the archbishop of Sarajevo.
In the cathedral, the pope praised Archbishop Alojzije Stepinac, a Croatian national hero whose role during World War II is fiercely disputed.
Why did the trainer go out there during the changeover?
Bascom was asked to take a lie-detector test during the week, but he declined to do so, one investigator said.
Later, the most dramatic signal of the president's need to change direction is likely to come in during the midterm elections eight weeks hence.
That is asking a lot, critics say, given the city's deterioration during Barry's last four-year term and the graphic nature of his fall.
Florida State had five players suspended for allegedly accepting gifts during a shopping excursion at a sporting goods store last season.
Not much later, still on serve at 5-4, Graf was calling for the Women's Tennis Association trainer, Kathleen Stroia, during the changeover.
Under the plan, most homeowners will allow developers to rent their houses during the months they are not in them.
The Barbados Tourism Authority registered 213,441 overnight guests during the first six months of this year, an 11.2 percent increase over the same period last year.
And two players fistfight during practice.
Now those expectations have been tempered a bit by reality, which came in the form of a lopsided loss -- the third-worst in Los Angeles Raiders history -- and defensive end Scott Davis' unexcused absences from practice during the week.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) The focus of the week, and the loudest cheers from the capacity, shirt-sleeved crowd of 59,075 during the pre-game introductions, centered on the Notre Dame Stadium debut of sophomore quarterback Ron Powlus.
USE OF LIVE ANIMALS AS MASCOTS HAS TRADITION, TRAGEDY  (BC-FBC-MASCOTS(2NDTAKE)-TEX) There is an enduring image of a frustrated Ralphie, years ago, pawing hungrily at the fake grass at the Astrodome, but in Colorado, animal rights is not an issue taken lightly.
``He had to wear a wig,'' Banes says, ``and it fell off when he ran across the field.'' The current Baylor cub is inclined to nip at things occasionally (a new mascot is brought in every two years and housed in a habitat in the middle of the campus), but in 1961, one of the Bears' mascots was killed during a kidnapping attempt.
At one point during its crime spree, it reportedly ate a coyote.
She wore a brace throughout the tournament and once summoned a trainer Saturday during a changeover for some massaging.
The women, from 23 to 44 years old, were judged on their beauty, poise and personality during interview, swimsuit and evening-gown segments.
``It hurt for two, maybe three games real hard, then it was OK,'' said Graf, who wore a back brace during the match.
The Oilers have the longest current streak of playoff appearance (seven), but not once have they advanced as far as the AFC Championship Game during that time.
EPISCOPALIAN BISHOPS FAULTED AS INDECISIVE, WISHY-WASHY  (BC-JONES-RELIGION-COLUMN-TEX) The House of Bishops of the Episcopal Church came under attack in pejorative terms during the recent triennial Episcopal General Convention.
But the Clintons and the Gores, from the same generation and from neighboring states, happened to hit it off during the campaign.
But the Clintons and the Gores, from the same generation and from neighboring states, happened to hit it off during the campaign.
But the Clintons and the Gores, from the same generation and from neighboring states, happened to hit it off during the campaign.
JAPAN'S ECONOMIC FORECAST: PARTLY CLOUDY, WARMING TREND, CLEARING EXPECTED TOKYO  (BC-SWEATY-YEN-ECONOMIST) Several times during the past 18 months, Japanese thinking has proved wishful: officials have claimed that the economy was recovering, only to have their hopes dashed by a further rise of the yen, a fall in industrial output, a slip in consumer spending.
That is also what happened during the British and American recessions: consumers cut their spending in order to reduce their debts and (though they would not have used the term) to repair their household balance sheets.
The unemployment rate has stayed remarkably low during the recession, fluctuating at around 2.5 percent of the labor force for much of the time, although it rose to 3 percent in July.
Thanks to falling tax revenues and rising public spending, the combined budget deficit of central and local government is running at about 2.5 percent of GDP, and could rise to 4-5 percent during the next two years if (as is likely) cuts in income tax are not recouped through higher sales taxes.
JAPAN'S ECONOMIC FORECAST: PARTLY CLOUDY, WARMING TREND, CLEARING EXPECTED TOKYO  (BC-SWEATY-YEN-ECONOMIST) Several times during the past 18 months, Japanese thinking has proved wishful: officials have claimed that the economy was recovering, only to have their hopes dashed by a further rise of the yen, a fall in industrial output, a slip in consumer spending.
That is also what happened during the British and American recessions: consumers cut their spending in order to reduce their debts and (though they would not have used the term) to repair their household balance sheets.
The unemployment rate has stayed remarkably low during the recession, fluctuating at around 2.5 percent of the labor force for much of the time, although it rose to 3 percent in July.
Thanks to falling tax revenues and rising public spending, the combined budget deficit of central and local government is running at about 2.5 percent of GDP, and could rise to 4-5 percent during the next two years if (as is likely) cuts in income tax are not recouped through higher sales taxes.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Miss Tandy acted in more than 100 stage productions during her 67-year career, which began in England and encompassed the West End in London as well as the British provinces, Broadway, and the regional theaters that were once so important to the American stage.
She said, ``It's not a matter of whether they're laughing or not but whether they're breathing or not.'' But audiences, like the theater itself, underwent profound changes during Miss Tandy's years on the stage.
In 1992, Miss Tandy, then 82, played an indomitable 82-year-old woman in ``Fried Green Tomatoes.'' Miss Tandy co-starred with her husband in 10 plays on Broadway and dozens of Off Broadway and regional productions during their 52-year marriage.
Even a double cataract operation in 1973 and a cardiovascular problem that caused her collapse onstage during a performance of ``Foxfire'' in Los Angeles in 1985 did not slow her down.
Late each night, during inflationary periods, supermarket clerks equipped with ``price-mark'' zap guns raise the price of everything by 10 percent.
Stolpe, 59, is a Social Democrat who was a Lutheran Church administrator during communist rule.
Creator Michael Crichton (``Jurassic Park'') says he's drawing, in part, from observations during his failed days as a bad doctor.
Finley or George Steinbrenner were innovators, there are A.G. Spalding, who wanted players at each position on the field to be outfitted differently, and Andrew Freedman, who hired and fired a dozen managers during the eight years he owned the New York Giants.
Mitchell's aides compared notes during the Senate's two-week recess with aides of Sens.
On Sunday, Dole proposed instead that he, Mitchell and the House's GOP and Democratic leaders agree on a bare-bones compromise during a health summit in which ``each would have a veto.'' Appearing right after Dole on CBS's Face the Nation, Mitchell shot down Dole's trial balloon.
Mitchell's aides compared notes during the Senate's two-week recess with aides of Sens.
On Sunday, Dole proposed instead that he, Mitchell and the House's GOP and Democratic leaders agree on a bare-bones compromise during a health summit in which ``each would have a veto.'' Appearing right after Dole on CBS's Face the Nation, Mitchell shot down Dole's trial balloon.
Butkus had the first cackle when Jones and his Fearsome Foursome colleagues on the Los Angeles Rams -- Lamar Lundy, Rosey Grier and Merlin Olsen -- sang and danced their embarrassing imitation of the Four Tops in 1965 on the ABC show ``Shindig.'' (Executive producer Steve Sabol paid $15,000 for the ersatz music because the rest of the show that week starred the Rolling Stones.) Jones jiggled in his chair during a recollection by Ray Mansfield, a former Pittsburgh Steeler center, of an incident when Mean Joe Greene spit upon the ferocious Butkus -- and the Chicago Bears linebacker did not retaliate.
It was normal the way I played.'' Meanwhile, Joe Namath had moments of embarrassment during the film, watching his Beautymist panty hose commercial -- a shock when it originally ran, a rare hoot from another era today -- and hearing himself discourse on his personal credo of bachelorhood.
In his Cabinet and Parliament, and in the provincial governments, Mandela has a strong cast, including two possible successors -- Thabo Mbeki, a former exile and liberation diplomat who now serves as the first of two deputy presidents, and Cyril Ramaphosa, a tough-minded labor leader during the apartheid years who refused his pick of Cabinet posts to remain as head of Mandela's party, the African National Congress.
While removing cataracts recently, a surgeon also unplugged tear ducts that had been clogged during Mandela's years laboring in a dusty prison limestone quarry.
He eats sparingly and drinks little, habits acquired during 27 years in prison.
Speaking on the banks of the Sava River during an outdoor Mass at the Zagreb race track, the pope pointed to the river as an image of unity among the peoples of the former Yugoslavia.
``No,'' he declared, ``the phenomenon of nationalist intolerance which has swept over this region cannot be attributed to religion.'' Certainly, religious tolerance was not evident during World War II, when the Fascist Croatian government of Ante Pavelic embarked on a policy of killing Orthodox Serbs or forcing them to convert to Catholicism.
The Serbs retaliated, against Muslims and Croats; and today they often appear to be exacting a kind of revenge for their suffering during World War II.
Tudjman spoke on Saturday of Croatia's deliverance from the ``hell of communism.'' And on Sunday, Kuharic said that the ``Croatian people have received their sovereign state as a gift of God, and thereby the right to a name and voice among nations.'' Orthodox religious figures declined to attend the Mass, despite an invitation from the pope, who called on Sunday for a meeting of ``the two Christian churches, the Eastern and the Western, which have always lived together.'' The Orthodox Church is unforgiving of what it sees as the Catholic Church's complicity in the killing, eviction, or forced conversion of Serbs during World War II.
But an investigation of major cases during the past decade by the New York Times has found that the agency has repeatedly failed to shore up security weaknesses, even when corruption arrests have exposed them over and over again.
Yet Justice statistics show that 54 percent of the arrests within the department for corruption and job-related misconduct during the last three years have been in the INS -- 76 of them since 1992.
Now, in an effort to reach a wider audience, PBS is moving toward the half-hour format used by the commercial networks during much of their prime-time schedules.
Contestants must not only team up to answer questions but during the imagination round create stories on the spot and use their intuition to, for example, name the most popular presidents in United States history.
``The very slow recovery has begun to come home.'' A recent report by the association said ad revenue increased 6.25 percent during the first half of the year, compared with the corresponding period last year.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Miss Tandy acted in more than 100 stage productions during her 67-year career, which began in England and encompassed the West End in London as well as the British provinces, Broadway, and the regional theaters that were once so important to the American stage.
She said, ``It's not a matter of whether they're laughing or not but whether they're breathing or not.'' But audiences, like the theater itself, underwent profound changes during Miss Tandy's years on the stage.
In 1992, Miss Tandy, then 82, played an indomitable 82-year-old woman in ``Fried Green Tomatoes.'' Miss Tandy co-starred with her husband in 10 plays on Broadway and dozens of Off Broadway and regional productions during their 52-year marriage.
Even a double cataract operation in 1973 and a cardiovascular problem that caused her collapse onstage during a performance of ``Foxfire'' in Los Angeles in 1985 did not slow her down.
Implicitly, however, he delivered a sharp critique of how the presidency was run during the first 18 months of Clinton's term.
In the interview and during a fund-raising speech at Edmonds Community College, Panetta ticked off a list of Clinton administration accomplishments.
On the beach at Guanabo, a man and his wife, exhausted after nearly sinking during the night, sat numbly by a crude rowboat the size of a small bathtub, fashioned from plastic foam and sheet metal.
If there was one pivotal point in this match, one time when Stich might have put Agassi in touch with his tremulous Grand Slam past, it was during the second-set tie breaker, Stich serving at 2-3, and powering a 110-mph first serve, wide of Agassi's two-fisted backhand.
BILL WOULD CURB SUITS ON S WASHINGTON  (BC-BANKING-BILL-730(2TAKES)-NYT) An obscure provision of the Clinton administration's interstate banking bill, quietly inserted during a House-Senate conference, would effectively prevent federal regulators from pursuing most negligence cases against the officers, directors, lawyers and accountants of failed savings and loan institutions.
But during the House-Senate conference, the Senate extension was eliminated and replaced with a provision that would extend the statute of limitations only for cases involving fraud and willful misconduct, which account for less than 20 percent of the cases.
The Office of Thrift Supervision, a Treasury Department agency that regulated federally chartered savings and loans, said Friday that the industry remained profitable during the second quarter of this year, despite the Federal Reserve's repeated interest rate increases.
Another live double set due Tuesday is Gabriel's ``Secret World Live,'' recorded in Italy during his 1993 tour.
Her biggest triumph is ``As If We Never Said Goodbye'' (sung during her return to the Paramount Pictures lot), in which she conveys everything from whispered nervousness to full-throated excitement.
This time the German was the involuntary target of a backhand pass from Agassi that struck him in the right wrist during the 11th game of the third set and might as well have been a knockout punch.
Stolpe, 59, is a Social Democrat who was a Lutheran Church administrator during Communist rule.
Now we are run -- from our national security all the way down to our most elemental functions in every community in this country -- by a nation of volunteers.'' Clinton called for a large national public-service program during his presidential campaign, and during his first year in office, Congress allotted $360 million for a trial program involving about 20,000 volunteers.
``We obviously put together the fund and got several other countries to join in,'' Bentsen said during an interview in Mexico City last week.
That makes continued cooperation between the United States and Germany as imperative as it ever was during the cold war.
There was full-throated cheering in the officials' locker room when Stich, stung by an Agassi volley off his wrist, writhed about the court in pain during the third set.
Late in the second quarter and early in the third, during the only stretch of the game in which the 49ers had the lead, they got three chances to pad it.
.'' Raider coach Art Shell said after his team's contribution to the local malaise, his words trailing off into the air with about the same intensity his team had shown during its dreadful performance against Seattle.
Monday evening's case in point is ``The Metropolitan Opera Presents'' and its superb rendition of Richard Strauss' ``Elektra,'' taped during live performances in January.
INVESIGATORS FIND NEW EVIDENCE CONCERNING USAIR CRASH PITTSBURGH  (BC-PLANE-CRASH-1STLD-WRITETHRU-NYT) Federal investigators have found new evidence that the right engine of the USAir jet that crashed on Thursday might have malfunctioned during flight, officials of the National Transportation Safety Board said on Sunday night.
That's when Chester McGlockton and Aundray Bruce were ejected for fighting during the Raiders' 38-9 loss at the Coliseum.
AN AWARDS EXERCISE IN DESPERATE NEED OF OVERHAUL PASADENA  (BC-EMMY-ANALYSIS-RICHMOND-LADN) If they ever made a movie about the Prime-time Emmy Awards, it would have to be called ``Stop Making Sense.'' That much was clear Sunday night during an Emmy ceremony that seemed to break all records for unpredictability and dubious logic, painting a picture of an Academy of Television Arts & and Sciences that clearly lacks the courage of its convictions.
But that was the exception during a markedly smooth and classy Emmy show that burst with good feeling, good humor and poignancy, if not exactly sterling speeches and superb choices.
In demonstrating its enduring commitment to the sanctity of life from the moment of conception, the Vatican told the world's 980 million Catholics that, whatever their governments agreed to, the pope had not wavered.
But the rise of Reason during the 17th and 18th centuries began the soothsayers' slide from reverence to ridicule.
THE LASTING EXILE OF CUBAN SPIRITS  (BC-CUBA-REVIEW-2TAKES-NYT) For many Cuban exiles, Cuba is like a long-lost lover in a faded photograph for whom they try to maintain their passion during decades of marriage to someone else.
Chavis, Jr's., turbulent 16-month tenure as executive director of the NAACP, one of the more bizarre -- and telling -- events occurred during a press conference on Aug.
In the NAACP itself, 10 of the top 12 executive positions during Chavis' tenure were held by men, and women hold only 15 of the 64 seats on the board of directors.
Barnett has ranked eight major airlines according to their safety records during three 10-year periods: 1983-1993, 1978-1988 and 1973-1983.
In general the Japanese have been considered hard-working, honest people in the communities where they settled, but they have also faced discrimination; their stores and homes were often ransacked, and during World War II many of their businesses were confiscated -- including a tire repair shop owned by Fujimori's father.
But some cruise lines prefer to have the inspector carry out the work during the cruise, as a convenience to passengers.
A few weeks ago Cadman said he had given his staff no new instructions about accepting gratuities, and during a round-table discussion with eight Miami office employees, all of them said they had not heard about the report.
 (BC-ESTEP-POET-2NDTAKE-NYT) She soon became part of the budding performance scene that coalesced during open-mike sessions every Sunday night at ABC No Rio, a tiny East Village art space.
But an investigation of major cases during the past decade by the New York Times has found that the agency has repeatedly failed to shore up security weaknesses, even when corruption arrests have exposed them over and over again.
Yet Justice statistics show that 54 percent of the arrests within the department for corruption and job-related misconduct during the last three years have been in the INS -- 76 of them since 1992.
In his Cabinet and Parliament, and in the provincial governments, Mandela has a strong cast, including two possible successors -- Thabo Mbeki, a former exile and liberation diplomat who now serves as the first of two deputy presidents, and Cyril Ramaphosa, a tough-minded labor leader during the apartheid years who refused his pick of Cabinet posts to remain as head of Mandela's party, the African National Congress.
While removing cataracts recently, a surgeon also unplugged tear ducts that had been clogged during Mandela's years laboring in a dusty prison limestone quarry.
He eats sparingly and drinks little, habits acquired during 27 years in prison.
But the Clintons and the Gores, from the same generation and from neighboring states, happened to hit it off during the campaign.
But the Clintons and the Gores, from the same generation and from neighboring states, happened to hit it off during the campaign.
But the Clintons and the Gores, from the same generation and from neighboring states, happened to hit it off during the campaign.
JAPAN'S ECONOMIC FORECAST: PARTLY CLOUDY, WARMING TREND, CLEARING EXPECTED TOKYO  (BC-SWEATY-YEN-ECONOMIST) Several times during the past 18 months, Japanese thinking has proved wishful: officials have claimed that the economy was recovering, only to have their hopes dashed by a further rise of the yen, a fall in industrial output, a slip in consumer spending.
That is also what happened during the British and American recessions: consumers cut their spending in order to reduce their debts and (though they would not have used the term) to repair their household balance sheets.
The unemployment rate has stayed remarkably low during the recession, fluctuating at around 2.5 percent of the labor force for much of the time, although it rose to 3 percent in July.
Thanks to falling tax revenues and rising public spending, the combined budget deficit of central and local government is running at about 2.5 percent of GDP, and could rise to 4-5 percent during the next two years if (as is likely) cuts in income tax are not recouped through higher sales taxes.
JAPAN'S ECONOMIC FORECAST: PARTLY CLOUDY, WARMING TREND, CLEARING EXPECTED TOKYO  (BC-SWEATY-YEN-ECONOMIST) Several times during the past 18 months, Japanese thinking has proved wishful: officials have claimed that the economy was recovering, only to have their hopes dashed by a further rise of the yen, a fall in industrial output, a slip in consumer spending.
That is also what happened during the British and American recessions: consumers cut their spending in order to reduce their debts and (though they would not have used the term) to repair their household balance sheets.
The unemployment rate has stayed remarkably low during the recession, fluctuating at around 2.5 percent of the labor force for much of the time, although it rose to 3 percent in July.
Thanks to falling tax revenues and rising public spending, the combined budget deficit of central and local government is running at about 2.5 percent of GDP, and could rise to 4-5 percent during the next two years if (as is likely) cuts in income tax are not recouped through higher sales taxes.
JAPAN'S ECONOMIC FORECAST: PARTLY CLOUDY, WARMING TREND, CLEARING EXPECTED TOKYO  (BC-SWEATY-YEN-ECONOMIST) Several times during the past 18 months, Japanese thinking has proved wishful: officials have claimed that the economy was recovering, only to have their hopes dashed by a further rise of the yen, a fall in industrial output, a slip in consumer spending.
That is also what happened during the British and American recessions: consumers cut their spending in order to reduce their debts and (though they would not have used the term) to repair their household balance sheets.
The unemployment rate has stayed remarkably low during the recession, fluctuating at around 2.5 percent of the labor force for much of the time, although it rose to 3 percent in July.
Thanks to falling tax revenues and rising public spending, the combined budget deficit of central and local government is running at about 2.5 percent of GDP, and could rise to 4-5 percent during the next two years if (as is likely) cuts in income tax are not recouped through higher sales taxes.
19, and seize and kill Donato Caretta, assistant director of Regina Coeli prison during the regime of Italian dictator Benito Mussolini.
NEW CAR REVIEW: MERCEDES DIESEL SEDAN EFFICIENT, BUT NOT QUICK  (BC-NEW-CAR-REVIEW-MERCEDES-E300-COX) If the mention of a diesel car triggers memories of the rash of smoky, stinky, sluggish ones that polluted the highways during the gasoline crunches of the 1970s and '80s, Mercedes-Benz has a new image to offer.
NEW CAR REVIEW: MERCEDES DIESEL SEDAN EFFICIENT, BUT NOT QUICK  (BC-NEW-CAR-REVIEW-MERCEDES-E300-COX) If the mention of a diesel car triggers memories of the rash of smoky, stinky, sluggish ones that polluted the highways during the gasoline crunches of the 1970s and '80s, Mercedes-Benz has a new image to offer.
I was blessed coming in during that time.'' Nobis was recruited out of San Antonio Jefferson High School, where his drill-sergeant-turned-coach forced his team to become so disciplined that ``our hair had to be combed a certain way, and our shoes had to be neat.'' His father, Tommy Sr., also was a great influence on his son's athletic career.
Born in the depths of the Depression to poor Mexican immigrant parents in tiny Azusa, Calif., Aguirre acquired modest fame during his 16 years as a pitcher in the major leagues.
``It turned out to be good for me that during my baseball career I never really had it made, never really felt like I was financially secure,'' he told Guinn.
The sheriff's legal right to spirit up a posse of local worthies derives from America's frontier days, and - Arpaio claims - can be traced back to English laws during Alfred the Great's time.
On a visit to the sheriff's office the Independent was provided with a resume of the gun battles he fought with Turkish and Mexican drug smugglers during his career with the US Drug Enforcement Administration, an account of his numerous appearances on national television, and a plastic sheriff's badge bearing his name.
Our soldiers survived in tents during the Gulf War, didn't they?
It sheered off some branches of the tree, which was planted during Andrew Jackson's presidency, from 1829 to 1837.
``It's very difficult to secure a president when he's in amongst a crowd of people during a campaign or when he's jogging here in Washington.'' Because the president was not at the White House at the time of incident, Sheafe noted that security was ``much different'' than when the president was in the mansion.
All during the campaign, Clinton talked as if exactly the opposite were true, and I couldn't decide whether he was misrepresenting the facts deliberately or he really didn't know any better.
If you're lucky enough to visit during the spring, you'll be rewarded with the site of thousands of dogwood blooms.
It sheered off some branches of the tree, which was planted during Andrew Jackson's presidency, from 1829 to 1837.
``It's very difficult to secure a president when he's in amongst a crowd of people during a campaign or when he's jogging here in Washington.'' Because the president was not at the White House at the time of incident, Sheafe noted that security was ``much different'' than when the president was in the mansion.
Popular enough to have recorded three albums and a longtime performer on Friday nights at A-Bear's Cajun Cafe down the road, Guidry sings Cajun ballads in French and English and plays both accordion and guitar during his tours.
And that was only during one quarter here at Blagoveshchensk, a small border crossing where everything must be ferried across the river.
The marital conflict coincides with Hank's own growing realization that he no longer believes in his work -- especially not, after a crisis of conscience strikes him during a remote test of atomic weaponry.
Every few weeks, I stop teaching for the delivery of flowergrams: flowers sold for $1 and personally delivered with a message to students during class.
It sheered off some branches of the tree, which was planted during Andrew Jackson's presidency, from 1829 to 1837.
And instead of expanding the role of a system in need of an overhaul, I'd like to see a creative, pioneering day-care system put in place that would build upon the skills acquired during school hours while preserving for our young some of the freedom and sense of possibility that an old-fashioned summer vacation used to provide.
The work by Steve Sabol, usually seen on local stations during the football season and on ESPN, has canonized the National Football League's testosterone-injected work ethic, the upending tackles, crunching hits, Hail Mary passes, impossible receptions, battles in the trenches, muddy linemen and wacky bloopers.
With backstage credentials in hand, he watched the great artists and orchestras who regularly pass through London's leading concert venue, either live in rehearsal, or from the closed-circuit television in the bar during the concerts.
Along with lots of experience and lots of repertoire, however, Spigelman also gained a wife during his Australian career.
Robert Redford, Vanessa Redgrave and Rod Steiger have gone mostly unrecognized during stays here.
``Women are coming in and saying they want their Norplants removed even if they aren't experiencing side effects, because they heard it's a lot of trouble to get them out.'' Pain and difficulty finding the capsules during the removal process are among the most common complaints about Norplant.
The extra medical costs for each day's crop of new smokers will total more than $20 million during their lifetimes, experts say.
Other women have suffered severe arm pain or nerve damage during the removal process, she says.
Damage was minimal: a cracked window in the doctor's office where a nurse was on duty, scrapes on the south facade, and some lost limbs from a huge magnolia tree that was planted during Andrew Jackson's presidency.
The International Committee of the Red Cross is coordinating an interagency effort to locate the parents or families of more than 10,000 children who were either orphaned or were separated from their parents during the flight from Rwanda.
That was two years ago, when the government announced two rate increases on the same day -- from 10 percent to 12 percent and then to 15 percent -- in the midst of a frantic effort to defend the value of the pound during a run on European currencies.
Reaction on the London Stock Exchange was mixed, with the Financial Times-Stock Exchange index of 100 leading shares dropping by as much as 25 points during the morning, then recovering somewhat to close at 3,128.8, down 10.5 points.
The small plane, which flew undetected into a heavily restricted air zone around official Washington, skidded across the South Lawn, tore through the limbs of a large magnolia tree planted more than 157 years ago during the administration of Andrew Jackson and came to rest in a crumpled heap just short of the presidential home.
In an interview with WBAL-TV in Baltimore, the victim's cousin, Delila George, said that Corder had often talked of suicide during his periodic bouts with drugs and alcohol.
CUBAN DETAINEE DIES AFTER INJURIES IN ACCIDENT MIAMI  (BC-CUBA-GITMO-NYT) A Cuban detainee died on Monday in an accident at the U.S. Navy base at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, during a peaceful protest outside the refugee camps there, a military spokesman said.
The man was one of 2,000 Cuban refugees who had breached the concertina wire perimeter of their camp on Sunday during a protest demonstration, and congregated on the beach and in the hills of the sprawling naval station.
Respiratory problems, which went untreated during the bankruptcy, were the official cause of death.
Singer and family-farm activist Willie Nelson sent Reno a letter, too, but went the members of Congress one better by pressing Krikava's case personally to President Clinton during a visit to Independence, Mo., in July.
``They were taking everything, giving us nothing,'' Lueger said, ``and then for a time we were taking everything.'' Between April and July 1991, the bank got tough and required the family to hand over every dime of hog sale proceeds during that period.
 (BC-FBN-GIANTS-HAMPTON-300&ADD-NYT) It was 6:45 a.m. at St. Joseph's Hospital and Medical Center, and Rodney Hampton was wide awake, despite not being able to sleep at all during the night because of intense pain near his lower back.
``There is no way I'm playing this week,'' the Giants' leading rusher and Pro Bowl player said during a 20-minute interview Monday morning in his hospital room.
``Wow,'' said Brooke Shields, who stood by her man throughout the proceedings and then gave her own adulatory news conference after Agassi worked an SRO audience during his.
Jack Snyder, resigned from the service on May 31, citing what she described as unrelenting pressure resulting from her complaint that she had been groped by drunken male aviators in a crowded third-floor ``gantlet'' during the final day of the convention.
Giants players were celebrating their victory over the Arizona Cardinals on Sunday night, but some took time out from the celebration to express their anger about what they believed were a number of cheap shots and unprofessional gestures by Cardinals players during the game.
On that spot stood the ancient town of Gamla, where thousands of Jews martyred themselves by committing mass suicide in A.D. 68 during a revolt against Rome.
Bayer, based in Leverkusen, Germany, lost the American aspirin franchise during World War I, when the U.S. government confiscated the assets of a number of German companies.
after a second government takeover during World War II.
As for the ruling military triumverate who are called upon to relinquish power and flee the country, Christopher said that only if ``we find them there, we encounter them there'' during an invasion, would they be detained and turned over to the new government of Haiti.
Antonio Manuel Noriega during the invasion of Panama in 1989.
To that end, the State Department has prepared a new human rights report describing the violence under the current military junta as even worse than ``during the notorious regime of `Papa Doc Duvalier.' '' The grim report, which will be presented to Congress on Tuesday, states: ``The de facto government promotes general repression and official terrorism.
Charles De Gaulle, behaved honorobly during the war .
Bob Dole, the Republican leader who has been one of the most persistent critics sof the Democrats' approach, rose 10 percentage points during the same time frame, to a level last recorded by this poll in his unsuccessful 1988 campaign for the Republican presidential nomination.
But it might be noted that during 1993 the stock traded as high as $29.125 a share, and at a low of $14.375.
Under the merger deal, Borden shareholders will get RJR stock worth $14.25 a share, so long as RJR stock trades in a range of $6 to $8 a share during a 10-day period before the deal closes.
Gonzalez was part of a core group that worked during the summer as part of the Summer of Safety program at schools throughout the Los Angeles area in preparation for the national program.
Sounding like an auctioneer as he turned to North during a lunchtime stop at the Norfolk airport, Dole proclaimed to cheers from an audience of partisans: ``How would you like another vote for the balanced budget amendment, right here?
Another vote for real health care reform, right here?'' Dole's face was fixed in an awkward grin during North's introduction.
``You have to identify hostile intent.'' The president was not in the White House at the time of the crash but across Pennsylvania Avenue at Blair House, where the first family has been staying during renovation of the heating and air conditioning system in the executive mansion.
From 1957-59, during the International Geophysical Year, he was the officer in charge at the South Pole Station in Antarctica.
Bayer's American franchise was confiscated by the U.S. government during World War I.
``I've tried not to be a critic, but we do have a violent difference of opinion on Haiti,'' Bush during a luncheon Monday at the DC-3 Flying Museum at Santa Monica Airport, about 16 miles west of downtown Los Angeles.
But the prime minister is likely to be far more visible during the referendum campaign.
``Like I said during the summer,'' said Cal defensive coordinator Artie Gigantino, ``one of our biggest concerns is that in the first four games we play four completely different offenses.'' Except that in the summer, it didn't seem like it would matter.
The Rainbows coaches were in Arizona during the summer, taking some tips from former Hawaii coach Dick Tomey, who is the author of Arizona's Desert Swarm defense.
So, center Jim Sweeney began thinking during the final drive in overtime -- the Jets had got the lucky call and the ball when the Bills shouted heads on the coin toss -- that the victory was in the bag as they approached field-goal range.
``Too much to make up; no way to do it,'' Smith said at a news conference in Tallahassee, during which he endorsed Bush.
The Kings' bubbly new general manager, who was given a two-year contract to replace the reticent Nick Beverley in May, gained a reputation as a McMaster builder of struggling franchises during a long and mostly successful career as a junior hockey executive in Canada.
Whether they do may help determine the early momentum of a campaign with incalculable stakes for New York's government and for Cuomo, one of its most enduring political figures.
Competitive Media Reporting, a New York company that tracks advertising spending, said that during 1993, Sanka spending nationally totaled $6.2 million, adding that there was no national spending through the first six months of 1994.
Yet Justice statistics show that 54 percent of the arrests within the department for corruption and job-related misconduct during the last three years have been in the INS Q 76 of them since 1992.
Yet Justice statistics show that 54 percent of the arrests within the department for corruption and job-related misconduct during the last three years have been in the INS Q 76 of them since 1992.
When he went to put his foot down during the jam, it just collapsed and broke.
IN WAKE OF CRASH, FAA PLANS TO REQUIRE NEW SAFEGUARDS FOR 737  (BC-737-THRUST-525&Add-SPI) SEATTLE - The Federal Aviation Administration said Monday that it plans to require airlines to install a locking device to keep the thrust reversers on more than 1,000 Boeing 737s from being activated during flight.
``The intent is to make it impossible for the reversers to go off during flight,'' FAA spokesman Dave Duff said.
CENSUS BUREAU REPORT SHOWS DECLINE IN HOME OWNERSHIP LOS ANGELES  (BC-CENSUS-HOUSING-LADN) Social and economic forces caused the U.S. home-ownership rate to decline during the 1980s for the first time in at least half a century, the Census Bureau reported.
High interest rates and two recessions during the early 1980s, more people marrying later in life, more households headed by women, and increasing mobility -- especially in California and the West -- were some of the reasons for the change, said the author of the new census report released today.
With federal programs -- including home-loan guarantees -- aiding home buyers during the last five decades, the nation has seen a boom in housing and better living conditions.
Pat Neal, president of the California Association of Realtors, said the census report reflects some market conditions that hampered buyers during the 1980s.
We think that trend will continue.'' The real-estate industry offers more small-down-payment options for home buyers than were available during the 1980s, and lending institutions also are better-acquainted with Southern California's diverse immigrant populations, she said.
Ayeni's husband, Babatunde Ayeni, who was not home during the search.
But the prime minister and his Cabinet are likely to be far more voluble during the referendum campaign.
Given the absence of demand for new office buildings, a decision to encourage an influx of superstores is likely to do far more during the next decade to shape economic development in the city -- particularly outside Manhattan -- than any other City Hall policy.
Ignacia Martinez Fernandez, a guide for the state-approved travel agency, Havantur, was touching on some plusses of the government during a city tour the other day.
In recent protests to the U.S. dialogue with Castro, he helped orchestrate the group that tried blocking the Cuban mission in New York City during the Cuba-U.S. talks and last week some of his associates chained themselves to the immigration office doors in Miami.
And Higgs, though shopped to Dallas and Phoenix during training camp, was not taken.
The 90-minute interview -- reportedly watched Monday by more than half of France's 56 million people -- was plainly an ordeal for Mitterrand, no longer the supremely self-assured and intellectually confident figure that the French have grown accustomed to during his 13 years as chief of state.
Occasionally vigorous in refuting charges that he flirted with rightwing extremism before and during World War II, he more often was on the defensive.
More recently, in 1991, Bousquet was indicted for crimes against humanity during the war but he was assassinated before his trial.
CENSUS BUREAU REPORT SHOWS DECLINE IN HOME OWNERSHIP LOS ANGELES  (BC-CENSUS-HOUSING-LADN) Social and economic forces caused the U.S. home-ownership rate to decline during the 1980s for the first time in at least half a century, the Census Bureau reported.
High interest rates and two recessions during the early 1980s, more people marrying later in life, more households headed by women, and increasing mobility -- especially in California and the West -- were some of the reasons for the change, said the author of the new census report released today.
With federal programs -- including home-loan guarantees -- aiding home buyers during the last five decades, the nation has seen a boom in housing and better living conditions.
Pat Neal, president of the California Association of Realtors, said the census report reflects some market conditions that hampered buyers during the 1980s.
We think that trend will continue.'' The real-estate industry offers more small-down-payment options for home buyers than were available during the 1980s, and lending institutions also are better-acquainted with Southern California's diverse immigrant populations, she said.
He doesn't expect that to change much during the current campaigns.
Tad Szulc, who gained an intimate knowledge of revolutionary society during research for his acclaimed biography of Castro, predicts many fundamental revolutionary precepts, like egalitarianism, will be stripped away.
Tad Szulc, who gained an intimate knowledge of revolutionary society during research for his acclaimed biography of Castro, predicts many fundamental revolutionary precepts, like egalitarianism, will be stripped away.
The home rinse she used began streaking down the back of her neck during a campaign stop.
``I worried about some of the racist things I was hearing.'' Similarly, she blasts Ross Perot for comments he made during his televised debate with Vice President Al Gore over the North American Free Trade Agreement.
The sheriff's legal right to spirit up a posse of local worthies derives from America's frontier days, and - Arpaio claims - can be traced back to English laws during Alfred the Great's time.
On a visit to the sheriff's office the Independent was provided with a resume of the gun battles he fought with Turkish and Mexican drug smugglers during his career with the US Drug Enforcement Administration, an account of his numerous appearances on national television, and a plastic sheriff's badge bearing his name.
Our soldiers survived in tents during the Gulf War, didn't they?
But the Clintons and the Gores, from the same generation and from neighboring states, happened to hit it off during the campaign.
But the Clintons and the Gores, from the same generation and from neighboring states, happened to hit it off during the campaign.
But the Clintons and the Gores, from the same generation and from neighboring states, happened to hit it off during the campaign.
JAPAN'S ECONOMIC FORECAST: PARTLY CLOUDY, WARMING TREND, CLEARING EXPECTED TOKYO  (BC-SWEATY-YEN-ECONOMIST) Several times during the past 18 months, Japanese thinking has proved wishful: officials have claimed that the economy was recovering, only to have their hopes dashed by a further rise of the yen, a fall in industrial output, a slip in consumer spending.
That is also what happened during the British and American recessions: consumers cut their spending in order to reduce their debts and (though they would not have used the term) to repair their household balance sheets.
The unemployment rate has stayed remarkably low during the recession, fluctuating at around 2.5 percent of the labor force for much of the time, although it rose to 3 percent in July.
Thanks to falling tax revenues and rising public spending, the combined budget deficit of central and local government is running at about 2.5 percent of GDP, and could rise to 4-5 percent during the next two years if (as is likely) cuts in income tax are not recouped through higher sales taxes.
JAPAN'S ECONOMIC FORECAST: PARTLY CLOUDY, WARMING TREND, CLEARING EXPECTED TOKYO  (BC-SWEATY-YEN-ECONOMIST) Several times during the past 18 months, Japanese thinking has proved wishful: officials have claimed that the economy was recovering, only to have their hopes dashed by a further rise of the yen, a fall in industrial output, a slip in consumer spending.
That is also what happened during the British and American recessions: consumers cut their spending in order to reduce their debts and (though they would not have used the term) to repair their household balance sheets.
The unemployment rate has stayed remarkably low during the recession, fluctuating at around 2.5 percent of the labor force for much of the time, although it rose to 3 percent in July.
Thanks to falling tax revenues and rising public spending, the combined budget deficit of central and local government is running at about 2.5 percent of GDP, and could rise to 4-5 percent during the next two years if (as is likely) cuts in income tax are not recouped through higher sales taxes.
JAPAN'S ECONOMIC FORECAST: PARTLY CLOUDY, WARMING TREND, CLEARING EXPECTED TOKYO  (BC-SWEATY-YEN-ECONOMIST) Several times during the past 18 months, Japanese thinking has proved wishful: officials have claimed that the economy was recovering, only to have their hopes dashed by a further rise of the yen, a fall in industrial output, a slip in consumer spending.
That is also what happened during the British and American recessions: consumers cut their spending in order to reduce their debts and (though they would not have used the term) to repair their household balance sheets.
The unemployment rate has stayed remarkably low during the recession, fluctuating at around 2.5 percent of the labor force for much of the time, although it rose to 3 percent in July.
Thanks to falling tax revenues and rising public spending, the combined budget deficit of central and local government is running at about 2.5 percent of GDP, and could rise to 4-5 percent during the next two years if (as is likely) cuts in income tax are not recouped through higher sales taxes.
The conviction is only the final example of what has been wrong in the secretary of state's office during her tenure.
Moriarty is a likable person who has held her head high during the controversy, but it is clear that she lacks management skills necessary to perform the service to the public which is required.
Moriarty in turn has blamed her troubles on the Campbells, saying during her trial that Barbara Campbell's mistakes were the reason Tim Moriarty was not properly filed for office.
``With retro, there's a certain theme to it.'' Clisham learned about these intricacies firsthand when she suggested a clothing item to her daughter during a shopping spree.
After a bout with amphetamine addiction that lasted for years, during which he thought he was ``invincible and bulletproof,'' he said, he has been leading a cleaner life.
He also suggests spraying an antiperspirant on areas like feet that are likely to sweat heavily during exercise.
``We go through some real dry spells where you think there's no way that anything can be broad enough to bring so many people to their TV set at a single time during the week.
COMING UP WEDNESDAY Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell is expected to confer with a bipartisan group of senators who worked during the recess on a ``mainstream'' bill.
	The elections lent credence to the view that the German political landscape is entering a period of fundamental change after decades of stability dictated by the need for national unity during the cold war.
Stolpe, 59, who was a Lutheran Church administrator during the days of Communist rule, is a Social Democrat.
It wouldn't be the first thing Prince learned from the funk mastermind George Clinton, who during the 1970s recorded with the same band as both Parliament and Funkadelic, on two different labels.
They are part of the Defense Department's attempt to transfer the fruits of military technology into the civilian economy, and they showed off some of their wares during the Air Force Materiel Command's annual Washington technology display Tuesday.
The very possibility has led to visions of a return to divided government, which prevailed during the Bush administration and the last two years of the Reagan administration with a Democratic-controlled Congress and a GOP-controlled White House.
``The aim is to replace the rule of law with its opposite -- the rule of fear.'' Shattuck spoke to reporters during the release of the State Department's third human rights report on Haiti this year.
In one such case, a Haitian military commander named Norelus Mandelus ``cut off a victim's ear during a vicious beating and forced him to eat it, then carved his initials in the victim's flesh,'' according to the State Department report.
``Haiti is in the grip of a repression and terror...marked by a level of violence comparable to what existed during the notorious regime of Papa Doc Duvalier,'' Shattuck said, referring to Francois Duvalier, a harsh dictator who ruled Haiti from 1957 until his death in 1971.
``The aim is to replace the rule of law with its opposite -- the rule of fear.'' Shattuck spoke to reporters during the release of the State Department's third human rights report on Haiti this year.
In one such case, a Haitian military commander named Norelus Mandelus ``cut off a victim's ear during a vicious beating and forced him to eat it, then carved his initials in the victim's flesh,'' according to the State Department report.
``Haiti is in the grip of a repression and terror...marked by a level of violence comparable to what existed during the notorious regime of Papa Doc Duvalier,'' Shattuck said, referring to Francois Duvalier, a harsh dictator who ruled Haiti from 1957 until his death in 1971.
(STORY CAN END HERE -- OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) A number of GOP office holders welcomed the bipartisanship that emerged during the fight over the anti-crime legislation.
Silly Putty was discovered in 1943 during experiments to develop synthetic rubber for the war effort.
``So often at school the teaching of Shakespeare is rather dry and arid,'' he said during a rare interview at the Prince of Wales Shakespeare School here in Stratford-on-Avon.
But when Hampton was hurt during the 20-17 victory over the Arizona Cardinals in the 98-degree heat of Phoenix, Meggett replaced him as the Giants' heavy-duty runner.
Completing the master's degree in ballet and theater in 1972, she partly financed her education working summers at the Tombstone Territory theme park in Panama City, while dancing with the Fort Worth Ballet under Schaffenburg during the academic year.
The film's answer is most clear during a bravura garden party set in Connecticut, where Mark Van Doren's birthday is being celebrated by family and friends.
Each had received a 13-year prison sentence in 1991 for having an influential role in China's democracy movement during the 1980s.
``You know, this really isn't a thing I do,'' Twombly, 66, said in his slow, Southern drawl, gesturing vaguely toward a reporter's notebook and a photographer's lights during one of a series of interviews he has given recently.
Twombly's is not a household name in the United States, although he gained a certain notoriety when one of his works was singled out by Morley Safer during an attack on modern art on ``60 Minutes'' last year as a ``canvas of scrawls done with the wrong end of a paintbrush.'' On the other hand, those deceptively childlike scrawls have earned him many devoted followers among artists, critics and collectors.
Thanks to a lending binge during the 1980s, exposure had been roughly three times the U.S. industry average.
Thanks to a lending binge during the 1980s, exposure had been roughly three times the U.S. industry average.
My first clue, days before, had come during my one-hour crash course in RV survival given by the recreational vehicle rental center.
In his remarks during the signing ceremony, Clinton pointedly acknowledged that Republican leaders had ``tried to keep this day from happening.'' But he called for a new spirit of cooperation between Democrats and Republicans, saying it was time to ``put partisanship behind us and ...
The game is spread by soldiers during the Civil War and played across the country by the end of the century.
KEN BURNS COVERS ALL THE BASES IN HIS EPIC TV SERIES  (BC-TV-BASEBALL-2TAKES-SPI) Ken Burns' ``Baseball'' is a deeply involving immersion into America's most enduring, if not always endearing, pastime.
According to an analysis by Air Force Magazine, the second exhibit script prepared by the museum contained 32 photographs of Japanese casualties during the war for the Pacific and seven photographs of American casualties.
Breaux, D-La. Their staffs have been meeting during the last two weeks, trying to narrow differences between the mainstream proposal and the earlier, more expansive plan put forward by Mitchell.
He created ``One Moment Please,'' a long-running radio show that aired during the 1970s, and he was a vacation substitute for Harvey.
But Searle's operating income was the lowest of the four units during the quarter.
Because of his proclaimed confidence in Selig, Steinbrenner has been surprisingly silent during the strike and has not publicly exhibited the blustery approach that has marked his tenure as owner of the Yankees.
Ron Coleman, D-El Paso, testified during a congressional hearing held by two House subcommittees.
Mullen will get his chance Wednesday morning at Nassau Coliseum, when he will officially practice with the team for the first time since suffering the seizure during a morning practice on March 20.
``Two years ago, during the second half of the season and our playoff run, he provided leadership on the ice and off the ice and that's something we needed last year.
He said Tuesday that he had suggested the two sides agree only on ``what could be wrapped up.'' Although American officials have reluctantly admitted for several months that they would be forced to accept such a deal, Hashimoto said that during talks with top American officials last week in the United States they had given ground.
The company's nickel operations brought Williams into conflict with the federal government, which stockpiled the metal as a strategic commodity during the cold war.
``They made me mad,'' he said during a telephone conference call Tuesday.
Asked whether Fox, by snaring the NHL by a nose, and National Football Conference rights (by a Durante nose) for $1.58 billion, plays the field from a wildly different moneyed zone than other networks, Hill said: ``Tough!'' Chase Carey, chairman of Fox Television, added: ``We play by our own rules.'' But the NHL -- which averaged a 1.7 rating during its two-year, meagerly promoted run on ABC -- is not the monster pro football is for Fox.
The strike, or ``debacle,'' as Brooks calls it, has ``moved the issue of baseball's antitrust exemption to the congressional policy radar screen as never before.'' Because, as Brooks knows, the World Series is in more jeopardy now than it was at any time during two world wars, the Great Depression and a killer earthquake.
At the time, he adamantly denied any wrongdoing, saying, ``I reject categorically any suggestion of misappropriation or breach of trust during my tenure at United Way of America.'' He could not be reached for comment Tuesday.
Many economists have been assuming that the apparently unwanted inventories that accumulated during the second quarter would be worked off during the summer.
The great epiphany, says his friend and adviser Yves Martin, came during a three-day train ride in October 1967 between Montreal and Banff, where as a senior Quebec civil servant he was to speak on federalism.
Moreover, the first-round loss represented her poorest showing in four years of Grand Slam competition and was a harbinger of a nine-month slide during which she not only swore off tennis but received a citation for shoplifting at a suburban Tampa Bay mall in December.
Based on developments, or lack of them, during the 33 days of the strike, that's precisely where players will be a month from now.
The new Presario 500 series is part of Compaq's bid to capture the lion's share of what is expected to be a ferociously competitive consumer market during the Christmas season.
Investigators, including agents from the Secret Service, the FAA, and the FBI, are still uncertain whether Corder may have been drinking heavily or had taken drugs before or during his flight.
The number of crows in the Bronx increased from 1,218 in 1979 to 2,369 in 1992; in Brooklyn it went from from 100 to 865 during that time; in Queens from 218 to 740, and in Manhattan from 513 to 769.
On the other hand, the bill also allows federal juries to impose the death penalty for killings associated with carjackings, murders that result from drive-by shootings and slayings using a firearm during a violent crime or drug-trafficking offense.
``The question remains how effective it will be and how creative the industry will be in trying to work around the definitions.'' The Social Programs: An Emphasis On Prevention The bill provides $7 billion for a broad collection of crime prevention programs, some of which were attacked as little more than pork during the final debates over the bill, but which their sponsors say will help divert people from crime and provide alternatives to prosecution and incarceration.
Their goal will also be to protect American citizens and help maintain order during the early hours and days of the invasion, which would be aimed at ousting Haiti's leaders and restoring its elected president, the Rev.
 (BC-HAITI-U.S.-2NDTAKE-NYT) Worried that Haitian military leaders may order attacks on their opponents during the opening hours of the invasion and concerned about possible revenge killings by supporters of Aristide, administration officials have been trying to identify key areas that have to be occupied during the opening phase of the invasion.
But during the 1970s and 1980s, manufacturers began introducing aircraft with fewer, more powerful engines that were equipped with thrust-reverse systems.
The FAA's proposed airworthiness directive for the 737-300s, -400s and -500s shows that Boeing's first locks prevented thrust reversers from being deployed during five landings.
``The intent,'' Duff said, ``is to make it impossible for the reversers to go off during flight.'' 
But during their months of training, the Discovery crew and ground control teams rehearsed the retrieval of Spartan with shuttle ``star trackers.'' Experts were studying the radar's operations late Tuesday in an effort to restore it.
Their goal will also be to protect American citizens and help maintain order during the early hours and days of the invasion, which would be aimed at ousting Haiti's leaders and restoring its elected president, the Rev.
 (BC-HAITI-U.S.-2NDTAKE-NYT) Worried that Haitian military leaders may order attacks on their opponents during the opening hours of the invasion and concerned about possible revenge killings by supporters of Aristide, administration officials have been trying to identify key areas that have to be occupied during the opening phase of the invasion.
A police boat tailed the cruise during the passage up the Harlem River.
Using the 17-volume federal tax code as a prop during a news conference Tuesday, Haytaian released his tax-cutting idea nearly a year to the day since Mrs.
Paleontologist Stephen Jay Gould recalls tossing his jacket in the air during French class when a friend with a transistor radio confirmed that Don Larson had thrown a perfect game in the World Series.
I wish he had made it thicker.'' It is the Cincinnati Reds, during the high of the anti-communist hysteria, changing their nickname to the Red Legs.
JOHN BRADSHAW HOLT, FORMER DIPLOMAT, 84  (BC-HOLT-OBIT-NYT) John Bradshaw Holt, a career diplomat who was the deputy chief of the U.S. embassy in Vientiane, Laos, during civil strife there in 1960, died Friday at the Mid-Coast Hospital in Brunswick, Maine.
``If you lose, you start pointing fingers, so you just have to swallow what you're going to say.'' Gonzalez, who suffered a medial-collateral ligament tear during the summer, says he could play in a game this week, although the chances of that happening are close to zero.
``I'm not the big story this week,'' Ross said, laughing during a telephone interview from Atlanta.
But he says his experience in covering Chiefs receivers during training camp and practices probably will not be any particular advantage during the game Sunday.
The students took notes and then just before they left, they asked Schlesinger for his autograph, as during their first day in New York they had asked for the signatures of William M.
Thanks to a lending binge during the 1980s, exposure had been roughly three times the U.S. industry average.
Sundlun's popularity had plunged during his pair of two-year terms as he presided over tax increases, a state credit-union crisis and the embarrassing disclosure that he had fathered a child out of wedlock.
Robinson, one of eight transit officers trying to apprehend two armed youths during a chaotic rush-hour incident, has told investigators that he was working his way alongside an idling E train, checking each door, when he noticed that his partner and another uniformed officer had cornered a suspect on the subway tracks.
But during frequent checkups, doctors found that fluid had begun to build up in his skull, Fein said.
Bettman, during a news conference in New York, sounded more upbeat about hockey's return to network TV than he did the prospect of cutting a deal with the players' union.
He stayed out of public view during much of the primary campaign, preferring to hoard money for the fall.
His popularity had plunged during his pair of two-year terms as he presided over tax increases, a state credit-union crisis and the embarrassing disclosure that he had fathered a child out of wedlock.
Many who voted for him said simply that the city ran better during his three administrations than in the last four years under Sharon Pratt Kelly, who finished third in the voting.
But we don't mind as long as we keep winning championships.'' Though it led the league in defense during its first Super Bowl ride, the Cowboys' defense was overshadowed by Emmitt (Smith), Troy (Aikman) and Michael (Irvin).
``I think he's finally settling down.'' Brewer said those who criticize Williams for moving too slowly underestimate the job he faced in coming from Philadelphia to take command of the department during a very difficult period.
Now the two starting safeties are fast friends and often find themselves breaking down the other team's tendencies during hours of film sessions.
Although he had been neck-and-neck in the polls with Barry, in the end he suffered in part because he lacked his rival's political appeal and could not be closely identified with any major programs or proposals during his time in city government.
His popularity had plunged during his pair of two-year terms as he presided over tax increases, a state credit-union crisis and the embarrassing disclosure that he had fathered a child out of wedlock.
He was secretary of the Navy during World War II and directed U.S. naval expansion as well as the procurement program.
The first genuine filibusters did not begin until the 1840s, and there were only 16 filibusters during the remainder of the century.
Q: What is the best estimate on how many people, civilians as well as combatants, were killed during World War II?
The Encyclopedia Britannica estimates total deaths during World War II at between 35 million and 60 million people.
But in April he lost the title to Michael Moorer -- a fight during which Holyfield had problems breathing.
But during the family's first night at sea, U.S. policy changed.
My first clue, days before, had come during my one-hour crash course in RV survival given by the recreational vehicle rental center.
My first clue, days before, had come during my one-hour crash course in RV survival given by the recreational vehicle rental center.
The sheriff's legal right to spirit up a posse of local worthies derives from America's frontier days, and - Arpaio claims - can be traced back to English laws during Alfred the Great's time.
On a visit to the sheriff's office the Independent was provided with a resume of the gun battles he fought with Turkish and Mexican drug smugglers during his career with the US Drug Enforcement Administration, an account of his numerous appearances on national television, and a plastic sheriff's badge bearing his name.
Our soldiers survived in tents during the Gulf War, didn't they?
The missionaries cooked hamburgers for their visitors, shared insect repellent with them, even took them for rides over the dense green forest in the yellow Piper, which the Indians named the ``wood bee.'' The Americans showed the Huaorani a photograph of Dayuma, a woman from their tribe who had fled many years before, during a wave of intratribal killings.
The missionaries cooked hamburgers for their visitors, shared insect repellent with them, even took them for rides over the dense green forest in the yellow Piper, which the Indians named the ``wood bee.'' The Americans showed the Huaorani a photograph of Dayuma, a woman from their tribe who had fled many years before, during a wave of intratribal killings.
28, in an exhibition of 114 paintings, drawings and other works called ``Gauguin and the School of Pont-Aven.'' It's paradoxical that Gauguin's Tahitian paintings have gained him the greatest fame because, in fact, what he and his followers around Pont-Aven and the nearby village of Le Pouldu accomplished during the 1880s and 90s had the greatest impact on art.
The girl, who first reported the sexual assault in a letter to her teacher in June, was left isolated and bewildered by the lack of Spanish-speaking authorities during the traumatic experience of reporting a sex crime, women's advocates charged Monday.
When cutting metal it is essential that at least two teeth contact the work during the cutting.
Johnson, a junior economist in the Office of Management and Budget during the Bush administration and a former associate at the Chase Manhattan Bank in New York, is a free-lance writer.
Johnson, a junior economist in the Office of Management and Budget during the Bush administration and a former associate at the Chase Manhattan Bank in New York, is a free-lance writer.
I say I'm not sure the delineation will remain specific in my mind during such a traumatic moment.
And the early attacks on the game for being too violent seem quaint during football season.
One North Korean negotiator, asked during a break how the talks were going, smiled broadly and replied, ``Look at my face.'' 	As the Berlin talks were underway, separate talks between the United States and North Korea were being held in Pyongyang.
Mr. McCaffrey, the framer, said, however, that although his block of East Ninth ``is safe and nice during the day, at night the street does go back to the underworld.'' Once a drug den, Ms. Strasser's shop is now stuffed to its pressed-tin ceiling with accouterments for the urban courtesan: lace lampshades, faded prints of bewigged courtiers, pleated satin pillows.
``The store's total boudoir,'' said Ms. Strasser, 29, a furniture restorer who went into business last summer, inspired by the touch-me-not, tout-les-Louis apartments that she spent time in during a stint as an au pair in France.
	Born in Poland in 1920, Bogart studied clothing design as a young woman until she and her parents were taken prisoner by Soviets during World War II.
Somewhere during that period, two great opposing social forces -- the women's movement and the National Football League -- appeared, as did the killer word ``relevancy'' and video games.
The SDRs, as they are called, are required whenever an airplane experiences a problem while in flight or if structural or emergency lighting problems are discovered during inspections.
Daniel Patrick Moynihan, D-N.Y., and after his sophomore year, he joined a volunteer Marine officer candidate school in Quantico, Va. ``My grandfather was a general in the Nationalist Chinese Air Force during World War II, and I grew up hearing the pilot stories and seeing pictures of him in uniform,'' he said.
Historically, the party that controls the White House loses seats in Congress during the non-presidential election year.
In the morning, she discovered that during the night her cat had used the check instead of the litter box.
In the morning, she discovered that during the night her cat had used the check instead of the litter box.
It also banned planes and boats from leaving Haitian territory during the 7 p.m. to 7 p.m. curfew.
Though she attacks reporters for saying her husband did not recognize a supermarket scanner during the campaign, she later describes how she and her husband recently made the ``amazing discovery'' that ``you can call out for pizza!'' In the book's one touching passage, recounting her young daughter's death by leukemia in the 1950s, Mrs.
3, though hurricane season peaks during this same interval.
One North Korean negotiator, asked during a break how the talks were going, smiled broadly and replied, ``Look at my face.'' Another indication of the improving climate came with the announcement that North Korean officials last weekend admitted inspectors from the International Atomic Energy Agency to two parts of the Yongbyon atomic complex that they had previously been forbidden to see.
Earlier this year Paramount stopped making new episodes of ``The Next Generation'' after a successful seven-year run, after last year revealing its plans for ``Voyager.'' The new series would be centered on a marooned starship, beset by unfathomable interstellar forces during a battle with space guerrillas and cast into uncharted regions.
The statement said, ``Mr. Downe neither admitted nor denied any violations of the securities laws'' and had ``finally settled with the SEC after incurring extensive legal costs for several years in order to devote his full attention to business pursuits.'' The SEC charged in 1992 that during the mid- to late 1980s, Downe and a number of his friends and business associates had exchanged inside information to reap millions of dollars of profits through stock transactions carried out by Milton Weigner, a former senior broker at Oppenheimer & Co. who pleaded guilty to perjury in the case.
A couple of times, he'd call me at home and asked me what he should do in a certain situation.'' He has also received structure in the group home, where he undergoes therapy once a week and has curfews of 9 p.m. during the week and 11 p.m. on weekends.
But I'll be sneaking a peak at ``Due South'' during commercials.
Zubov, who will be sidelined three to five weeks, was injured while trying to avoid a collision during practice in Glens Falls, N.Y. Zubov plays the right side on the second defensive platoon, usually with Kevin Lowe.
But a surge of bond buying when Chicago trading resumed at 2 p.m. New York time probably helped to lift stock prices, which had been drifting upward during the bond halt.
Industry sales have been down during the past four years, especially in California, said Janet Lowder, president of the Los Angeles-based consulting firm Restaurant Management Services.
Their concerns were expressed during hearings on a bill sponsored by Councilman Walter L.
HADDON HEIGHTS, N.J.: ``A  (BC-CATHOLIC-SCHOOL-STRIKE-2NDTAKE-NYT) All eight high schools have remained open during the strike but on limited schedules.
The days could quickly add up during what always has been referred to as the off-season, but the players and owners still could be immersed in this dispute when the time comes for spring training and even next April 2, when next season is scheduled to start.
Management never has tried to use replacement players during a strike, as the National Football League did in 1987, but next season could be the first time.
Newscasts during the day Wednesday did not mention the pre-dawn leaflet bombardment.
There's an over-30 league out here, I think.'' Inside Pitch Three Mets are expected to undergo arthroscopic surgery during the next week: Ryan Thompson will have minor repairs done to his right knee, which has bothered him since May, Todd Hundley will have his throwing shoulder and elbow cleaned out and Eric Hillman will have surgery on his left elbow.
Even while the players and the owners seemed to be at separate ends of the Grand Canyon during negotiations, there was always a chance for a settlement and a chance for the Yankees to resume playing with a six and a half game lead over the second-place Baltimore Orioles.
Michael's voice was distant and despondent as he explained how he hated coming to work during the strike and wondered if he will be able to assemble such a powerful team again.
The building gives the 510,000-square-foot mall an austere facade and makes entering the center difficult for customers on foot -- like those from nearby offices shopping during lunchtime.
The investments were improperly sold during the spring and early summer of this year, the executives said, and they are already showing large losses.
If the radar system does not work, Richards and Hammond will rely on a less precise navigational technique that relies on the position of ``guide stars'' acquired through a shuttle telescope called a ``star tracker.'' Meanwhile, the electronics, communications and life support components of the $10-million spacesuits passed muster during a series of tests Wednesday by spacewalkers Carl Meade and Mark Lee and crew physician Jerry Linenger.
``Sears plans in the future to expand the telephone answering service to a `round-the-clock' system, which will permit ordering and deliveries after store hours, and will be particularly valuable to customers working nights or late hours who cannot shop or order during daytime shifts,'' WWD announced.
Phil Gramm, R-Texas, and Bob Graham, D-Fla., reflecting the deep societal divisions over a prospective U.S. invasion of Haiti, exchanged sharply contrasting views during a joint appearance Wednesday at the National Press Club.
District Attorney Arlo Smith said Wednesday that the technician had participated in roughly 1,500 drug cases during the past five years and that about two-thirds of those were prosecuted in court.
Phil Gramm, R-Texas, and Bob Graham, D-Fla., reflecting the deep societal divisions over a prospective U.S. invasion of Haiti, exchanged sharply contrasting views during a joint appearance Wednesday at the National Press Club.
He said the Hyatt campaign would shift the focus of the contest from Hyatt's personality to DeWine's voting record, emphasizing the Republican's support of the North American Free Trade Agreement, which is unpopular among trade unionists, and his opposition during his years in Congress to the Clean Air Act, to civil rights bills and to increases in the minimum wage.
Such matters remain to be clarified during the upcoming land-use review process.
Analysts said the import figures were increased by special factors that might not be repeated, such as large imports of crude oil to generate electricity during an unusually hot summer and some airplane purchases.
School board officials heard of the shooting during a meeting at the Central Board of Education in Brooklyn during which congratulations were being exchanged about the peaceful opening of the school year.
His magazine experience was acquired during two years as executive editor of Forbes from 1978 to 1980.
City officials have not yet selected the buildings that will be turned over during the first phase of the program, except to say that they will be in Central Harlem, Bedford-Stuyvesant and the South Bronx.
Approximately $50 million has been budgeted for renovating the housing to be sold during the first phase of the Giuliani effort.
He said the Hyatt campaign would shift the focus of the contest from Hyatt's personality to DeWine's voting record, emphasizing the Republican's support of the North American Free Trade Agreement, which is unpopular among trade unionists, and his opposition during his years in Congress to the Clean Air Act, to civil rights bills and to increases in the minimum wage.
Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell set aside seven hours for debate but refused to allow a vote on a resolution authorizing the invasion, saying he had promised a month ago not to hold votes during the Jewish holiday.
But, they gently add, only the instruments used during a composer's lifetime yield the timbres, balances and articulations the composers wrote for.
The piano changed radically during Beethoven's life, and his music reflects the piano makers' innovations.
But don't rub my nose in it.' '' Residents say Mnuchin, who often joins the local crowd at Crystal's for breakfast, has been a gentleman during this dispute.
In Southern California during the winters of 1986 and 1987, El Nino brought drought, but during 1982 and 1983 it walloped Southern California with devastating floods.
For Los Angeles, it brought slightly wetter weather during the winter of 1991-92, slightly wetter than during the previous drought year, but still drier than normal.
The most recent El Nino was credited with stirring up the atmosphere enough to help bring Los Angeles the lowest smog levels in 55 years during the summer of 1993.
9, 1994, the district issued 88 health advisories and 23 stage one episodes, as compared to 77 health advisories and 21 stage one episodes during the same period in 1993.
Bunch said he suffered from whooping cough and pneumonia during the season and injuries that necessitated off-season surgery on his right foot (Feb.
The rush certainly hasn't faded for Miguel Ruelas of Eagle Rock, who froze from fear halfway up the rock during his first climb two months ago.
Although Estey will say that the waters of Santa Monica Bay are cleaner right now than they have been in 20 years, studies show that some of the fish caught in the bay carry traces of DDT and PCBs dumped during the 1960s.
Although Gorke described the majority of the bay's anglers who fish the surf and breakwaters as ``subsistence fishermen'' -- those who rely on bay-caught fish as a main source of protein -- the anglers at Venice Beach said the activity was no more than a ``a good way to pass the time.'' Rodolfo Vences of Los Angeles said he often eats his catch, but he only fishes on weekends during the summer months.
The defense team wants to suppress evidence taken during searches of Simpson's home, his Ford Bronco, Bentley and his offices.
Bob Hamelin's extra-inning, three-run homer beat the Chicago White Sox, victory No. 3 during the streak.
``We want to leave behind a legacy that goes on all year long and Los Angeles hasn't always been willing to support that.'' The host committee plans to work with the Academy to provide music-education programs for more than 25,000 Los Angeles students during the coming year, said the committee's chairman, MCA Records president Richard Palmese.
Cluff said that the Mayor's Office is proposing to waive about $50,000 in fees for traffic control and policing during the evening of the Grammys.
``We want to leave behind a legacy that goes on all year long and Los Angeles hasn't always been willing to support that.'' The host committee plans to work with the Academy to provide music-education programs for more than 25,000 Los Angeles students during the coming year, said the committee's chairman, MCA Records president Richard Palmese.
Cluff said that the Mayor's Office is proposing to waive about $50,000 in fees for traffic control and policing during the evening of the Grammys.
Players had to pay their own travel costs, meal money and health insurance during training camp.
No, it isn't because my baby was a spectacular player.'' Shah, who mixes football with fatherhood, who found inspiration from life as a normal student last season, has been spectacular as a sophomore at UCLA, despite questions during the preseason about the condition of his knee.
No, it isn't because my baby was a spectacular player.'' Shah, who mixes football with fatherhood, who found inspiration from life as a normal student last season, has been spectacular as a sophomore at UCLA, despite questions during the preseason about the condition of his knee.
But during a violent anti-American rally in 1963, the statue was toppled and the bird had shattered into several pieces.
Had Sanders accepted Atlanta's one-year, prorated offer of $2.88 million during the spring, he would have collected $2.54 million -- more than twice what he will make in San Francisco -- by playing in 14 games.
The one undeniable advantage baseball wielded over all other professional sports -- its sense of romance and charm -- has been lost for good during the squabbling of men entrusted to protect it, men too busy arguing over how to divide a $1.8 billion pie to be bothered with actually saving the golden egg-dropping goose.
The one undeniable advantage baseball wielded over all other professional sports -- its sense of romance and charm -- has been lost for good during the squabbling of men entrusted to protect it, men too busy arguing over how to divide a $1.8 billion pie to be bothered with actually saving the golden egg-dropping goose.
Fehr, who is not drawing his seven-figure salary during the strike, is more secure and respected by his constituents, even though the longer players are out of work, the more grumbling there is that Fehr's ego hasn't helped the situation, either.
Johnson has produced some of the team's best players during his tenure.
The owners have made major concessions during the previous seven work stoppages, but say the players are making a grave mistake if they are waiting for history to repeat itself.
He thought during the lockout of 1990 that the owners were determined to keep the players out until they broke.
In past efforts against powerful foes (such as the Wisconsin game last year), the Mustangs -- in classic underdog fashion -- were worn down in the fourth quarter after a spirited fight during the first three periods.
But I feel like I can turn the page and look forward to the future with confidence.'' Schieffer said the decision was made during a season review conducted during the weekend with general partners George W.
But it was the only first-place finish during Grieve's decadelong tenure.
I think they just want to be part of the trial of the century.'' On the flip side, serving on the Simpson case could mean jurors are holed up in a hotel room when court is not in session, cut off from family and friends, most likely during the holiday season.
Superior Court Judge Lance Ito will rule next week whether the Simpson jury will be sequestered during the entirety of proceedings, something the District Attorney's Office has requested.
It makes walking fun and it makes them want to do it on a regular basis during the week.
The Fall Classic seemed to wear a bulletproof vest, remaining unscathed, enduring it all.
It makes walking fun and it makes them want to do it on a regular basis during the week.
The Fall Classic seemed to wear a bulletproof vest, remaining unscathed, enduring it all.
As a justice, Thomas has rarely made speeches -- and only to friendly conservative or academic audiences -- and has sat silently during the oral arguments that are the Supreme Court's only public sessions.
Another celebrated case involved the arrest, conviction and eventual electrocution of two anarchists, Nicola Sacco and Bartolomeo Vanzetti, for killing a guard during the holdup of a Massachusetts shoe factory in 1920.
She said she longed for the passion she heard last week during a Brown appearance with Hillary Rodham Clinton.
The threat of militant attacks, which has kept foreign tourists away and decimated the country's $3 billion-a-year tourism industry for the past two years, eased during two trouble-free weeks as Cairo hosted the massive U.N. conference on population.
She left Cairo unimpressed, except for unexpected discoveries of jewelry during an afternoon of hurried bargain-hunting in a style she called ``drift-net shopping.'' Dulken, an official with the Natural Resources Defense Council, found good buys, too.
Under U.S. federal guidelines, trucks on rural interstate highways may drive at 60 mph during daytime hours, but must drop back to 55 mph at night.
Folks who seem to know say the best time for walking this time of the year is during the first hour following an afternoon rain shower, when pollen counts are reduced and molds have not yet reproduced.
Under U.S. federal guidelines, trucks on rural interstate highways may drive at 60 mph during daytime hours, but must drop back to 55 mph at night.
Work for the typical employee I observed during three months in the ``newsroom'' averaged three to four hours a day.
Work for the typical employee I observed during three months in the ``newsroom'' averaged three to four hours a day.
As Alex explains during the film, people who have been irradiated have no way of knowing at the time because you can't see, smell, hear, taste or touch radiation -- hence they think the sky is blue and everything's fine when in fact it isn't.
`CHICAGO HOPE' AN OASIS IN TV WASTELAND LOS ANGELES  (BC-TVCOLUMN-RICHMOND-LADN) Finally, there's something worth watching during this autumn of network television discontent.
She's jailed for three months, during which time her kids are sold into adoption by an insidious ring engineered by a corrupt judge (Bonnie Bartlett).
``I don't think you're really here.'' Sensing that they have indeed reached some kind of precipice, the Witners respond by giving a party, during which one friend delivers some sanguine advice.
All three were convicted during a hurried trial.
It was during these years that Robert Capa produced some of his most remarkable war images, including those of the D-Day invasion.
In 1960, Capa used a telephoto lens to photograph a quiet conversation between Clark Gable and Marilyn Monroe during the filming of ``The Misfits,'' the last movie for both actors.
FERLINGHETTI AT 75 IS LOOKING FOR THE `OLD AMERICA' ALBANY, N.Y.  (BC-FERLINGHETTI-HNS) It's hard to imagine that Lawrence Ferlinghetti -- born during World War I, commander of a ship during the Normandy invasion, arrested for publishing a poem, catalyst of the Beat movement -- still is searching for the great truths.
He reached the rank of lieutenant commander and commanded a ship during the Normandy invasion.
To us, it's a unique landmark in the history of British music.'' Bidding was brisk for the tape, made in 1957 when Lennon was 16, during a performance at a church in his hometown, Woolton, a suburb of Liverpool, England.
W.S. Holland's drumming sounded like hoofbeats during ``Ghost Riders in the Sky,'' a military tattoo in ``The Ballad of Ira Hayes'' and a steam locomotive in ``Orange Blossom Special,'' in which Cash needed two harmonicas to play three chords.
Vargas learned of their plans and contacted her son during school, asking the two boys to flee before the day was over.
Officials with the youth exchange, Kanamori's legal guardian during his stay, said they want to find him a home where there's no possibility of having to do homework by candlelight because of unpaid electric bills.
I don't think a ship can be used for everything.'' Dan Goure, director of strategic planning at the Pentagon during the adminstration of President George Bush, said the new use for carriers opens up ``new perspectives,'' but also raises questions about defining specific roles for each military service.
It was Mark Messier, captain of the New Yor Rangers, the only athlete on display during this vulgar celebration of pop culture.
Haitian presidents served only with the approval of American officials during the occupation.
In a season that ended with the Stanley Cup, that was quite an individual honor for an athlete who admits that he might have had a ``bad knock'' for selfish play during tours of Chicago, Toronto and Winnipeg.
He's got the hunger you need to be successful.'' Ralphs knows something about hunger during his stint with Mott the Hoople during its early, scuffling days, before the stardom brought by ``All the Young Dudes'' and ``All the Way From Memphis.'' He then climbed the ladder with Bad Company on the back of hits like ``Can't Get Enough'' and ``Bad Company,'' and ``then'' had to do it all over again when Bad Company re-formed in the mid-1980s.
With the Cliburn Foundation serving as management, he expects a number of orchestral engagements in North America during the 1995-96 season.
Next day, during recovery, there's low-key games of chance, afternoon tea and an informal dinner.
I really never could have prepared for what I had to go through.'' Weeks of reflection during that bitter period served to prepare Dean for a stretch that would have once seemed unimaginable.
Like blacks, they were disenfranchised and uprooted from their homes to bleak townships during the apartheid era.
The Elsheimer will be displayed in an enclosed case, among paintings by other Northern European artists who worked in Rome during the early 17th century.
A typical day, she said, included ``interviews all day, even one during dinner.'' ``You're always late and lost,'' she said.
``He damaged some soft tissue on his right foreleg during the workout Tuesday morning,'' the trainer said.
The officers particularly resent his decision not to kill Aristide during the military coup of Sept.
In an Atlanta hotel suite a few days after her husband announced his presidential candidacy, Barbara carefully controlled her anger during an interview.
In interviews discussing her book she speaks of her warm and enduring friendship for Lady Bird Johnson, her respect for the quiet endurance of Pat Nixon and her admiration for the activist campaigns of Eleanor Roosevelt.
I spent seven years practicing there.'' Thurston Moore, a guitarist and singer for Sonic Youth, a Manhattan-based band, said that even after 14 years of touring and making albums, his band still finds itself rehearsing in the ``sub-sub-basement'' of a building in Little Italy that he said was used as a morgue during the Revolutionary War.
I spent seven years practicing there.'' Thurston Moore, a guitarist and singer for Sonic Youth, a Manhattan-based band, said that even after 14 years of touring and making albums, his band still finds itself rehearsing in the ``sub-sub-basement'' of a building in Little Italy that he said was used as a morgue during the Revolutionary War.
But until baseball settles its labor problems and then decides which rules it will enforce during these unprecedented times, confusion will reign.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) But O'Neill, perhaps already starting his salary campaign, conceded that he was miffed that the Yankees had never broached a contract extension with him during the season and wondered about his status.
Hoeveler said during Thursday's session that he would not rule immediately on the contempt case involving CNN, which is scheduled to end Friday with closing arguments.
When reached following the June announcement that Gooden had been suspended for violating his drug aftercare program, Dan Gooden, Dwight's father, reacted with shock because he had not been previously informed of the news and had seen no signs of a relapse during a recent visit with his son.
Designed by Young & Rubicam, the onslaught will include an 11-page color insert in USA Today and 24 television commercials on NBC, starting during the ``Today'' show and ending during ``Late Night With Conan O'Brien.'' Mercury will be the only auto advertiser in the newspaper and on the network that day.
The history of Fall River -- an Industrial Revolution boom town that went bankrupt during the Great Depression -- is told by the old factory building that now serves as its new Cambodian community center.
Most of that revenue was to be generated during the league playoffs and World Series.
GM will advertise during other prime-time network shows.
The station will redirect advertisements scheduled to run during the games to other programming like movies and news segments, he said.
For example, the rating for NBC's All-Star game was 15.7, the highest in three years, he said, and ABC's prime-time regional games averaged a 7.1 rating, up from the 3.5 rating CBS averaged last year during its regular broadcasts.
The events surrounding the shooting were described over three days of testimony, much of it similar to the accounts offered during Peairs's manslaughter trial, and the same questions were left unanswered.
The officers particularly resent his decision not to kill Aristide during the military coup of Sept.
It has happened again and again in recent years, notably during the war in the Persian Gulf in 1991.
Johnson hurt his toe during last Sunday's game against the Broncos, when he was gaining 67 yards on 17 carries.
The comments, made during a wide-ranging one-hour interview in his office, constitute Espy's first detailed response to charges that he violated the federal meat inspection act by taking gifts from poultry industry officials.
The matter now is under investigation by a special counsel -- the second such investigation during the Clinton administration.
Aides to Clinton volunteered that he had conferred during the day with Perry and with Gen.
``He came into our game last year with a sore ankle and he took a couple shots during the game where I thought he was knocked out of the game,'' UCLA defensive coordinator Bob Field said.
Some have no other place to go, so they hang around the office during the daytime.
(Carl David LaBianca/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT6) UNDATED -- September 15, 1994 -- AUTOS-ADS-MEDIA, 9-15 -- With sales rising and a slew of new products pending, the Big Three automakers are turning their attention to restoring the images of those brands that most lost their luster, or their way, during their years in the wilderness.
(Carl David LaBianca/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT6) UNDATED -- September 15, 1994 -- AUTOS-ADS-MEDIA, 9-15 -- With sales rising and a slew of new products pending, the Big Three automakers are turning their attention to restoring the images of those brands that most lost their luster, or their way, during their years in the wilderness.
(Carl David LaBianca/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT6) UNDATED -- September 15, 1994 -- AUTOS-ADS-MEDIA, 9-15 -- With sales rising and a slew of new products pending, the Big Three automakers are turning their attention to restoring the images of those brands that most lost their luster, or their way, during their years in the wilderness.
(Carl David LaBianca/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT6) UNDATED -- September 15, 1994 -- AUTOS-ADS-MEDIA, 9-15 -- With sales rising and a slew of new products pending, the Big Three automakers are turning their attention to restoring the images of those brands that most lost their luster, or their way, during their years in the wilderness.
(Carl David LaBianca/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT6) UNDATED -- September 15, 1994 -- AUTOS-ADS-MEDIA, 9-15 -- With sales rising and a slew of new products pending, the Big Three automakers are turning their attention to restoring the images of those brands that most lost their luster, or their way, during their years in the wilderness.
For example, a three-minute call during the day from Los Angeles to Anaheim within a 31- to 40-mile radius, will drop from 75 cents to 36 cents.
Gordon was news editor of the Columbia Broadcasting System when Elmer Davis of the government's Office of War Information hired him during World War II to run the agency's foreign news bureau.
In addition to his wife, he is survived by a daughter, Anya, of the Netherlands and a son, Youri, of Pittsburgh Edith Sherin Markson, a promoter of regional theater in the United States and the founder of an exchange program for American and Eastern European theater artists, died on Saturday during a visit to Santa Fe, N.M. She was 81 and lived in New York City.
BRONX PROJECT'S SUCCESS IS IN ITS MIX OF WORKING CLASS AND EX-HOMELESS NEW YORK  (BC-NY-NEW-SETTLEMENT-440(2TAKES)-NYT) In a tidy group of buildings that stand out from the others on Townsend Avenue in the Bronx, a woman, once homeless, now helps a neighbor by baby-sitting for her during working hours.
Both also served as player reps and were on the pension committee during their playing days.
TURNOVERS ARE VITAL TO CHIEFS' SUCCESS KANSAS CITY, Mo.  (BC-FBN-CHIEFS-KAN) Newly acquired tight end Derrick Walker had just reeled in one of his first passes as a member of the Kansas City Chiefs during a recent practice.
Why the large-market teams allowed him to control it as he did, I don't understand.'' Meanwhile, ownership also will regroup next week, preparing for what could be a very unpleasant round of hearings starting Thursday before the House Judiciary Committee, during which the sport's 72-year-old antitrust exemption will be examined.
Owners reportedly are awaiting a union response to a request to refrain from any legal filings before the National Labor Relations Board for at least a month, providing a window during which -- perhaps -- the atmosphere will be more conducive to reviving talks.
When you're running, it's a lot more aggressive and a lot more enjoyable.'' Hostetler update: Hostetler hasn't missed a repetition during practice this week and Thursday his passes looked markedly crisper and more accurate.
The events surrounding the shooting were described over three days of testimony, much of it similar to the accounts offered during Peairs's manslaughter trial, and the same questions were left unanswered.
Yet, because of the terms of NCAA probation, the Sooners neither appeared on television nor were permitted a bowl appearance during either of those seasons Selmon remembers so fondly.
Finally, it was the duty of Bud Selig, who was in the curiously conflicting position of attending the strike both as a warring owner and an acting commissioner, to announce the only wise decision reached by either side during the monthlong stare-down.
That infraction -- which an SCCA official said yesterday was a two-part violation -- has cost Kendall a run at Pruett for the driver's championship during this weekend's sixth annual Grand Prix of Dallas.
Aides to Clinton volunteered that he had conferred during the day with Perry and with Gen.
It was during these years that Robert Capa produced some of his most remarkable war images, including those of the D-Day invasion.
In 1960, Capa used a telephoto lens to photograph a quiet conversation between Clark Gable and Marilyn Monroe during the filming of ``The Misfits,'' the last movie for both actors.
He had taken only 56 percent of the team's snaps during the regular season because of injuries.
In hopes of avoiding the weekly medical questions of a year ago, Montana hired a personal trainer to work out with during the offseason in the Bay Area, where he maintains his residence.
If Braves general manager John Schuerholz wasn't giving Sanders a raise despite watching Sanders take a three-week vacation from the team, Smith was snipping and tugging away at his roster to get Sanders in the lineup during the middle of the Falcons' season.
When we were losing before he joined us during the season, it was like we were losing because he wasn't here.
But Sanders also was in the lineup during ugly losses to Washington, Cincinnati and Phoenix at the end.
McCagg and her partner, Lianne Bennion of Houston, came in second during their meet Wednesday, good enough to qualify for the finals.
For four years during the height of the rock era, she partied hard with the Rolling Stones and slept with two of them.
``And what I like about it most is they didn't talk (in the film) during my song! They used it beautifully.'' Now a grandmother, Faithfull says she doesn't know if Jagger, Richards, Dylan or the dozens of other rock elite portrayed in the book have read it.
The missionaries cooked hamburgers for their visitors, shared insect repellent with them, even took them for rides over the dense green forest in the yellow Piper, which the Indians named the ``wood bee.'' The Americans showed the Huaorani a photograph of Dayuma, a woman from their tribe who had fled many years before, during a wave of intratribal killings.
The missionaries cooked hamburgers for their visitors, shared insect repellent with them, even took them for rides over the dense green forest in the yellow Piper, which the Indians named the ``wood bee.'' The Americans showed the Huaorani a photograph of Dayuma, a woman from their tribe who had fled many years before, during a wave of intratribal killings.
Their literature, though, cites a six-month clinical study in Los Angeles, during which patients who used the product experienced fewer hospitalizations and maintained better body weight compared to those receiving a leading nutritional supplement.
Their literature, though, cites a six-month clinical study in Los Angeles, during which patients who used the product experienced fewer hospitalizations and maintained better body weight compared to those receiving a leading nutritional supplement.
U.S. officials say they plan to systematically pull down the powerful modern Haitian military institution created by the United States during its 19-year occupation earlier this century.
I was wrong, of course,'' Burns, 40, said during a visit last month to The Ballpark in Arlington.
Bernard has plans to ``expand his sphere of influence'' this winter, having more parties during the week at new locations.
Through interviews with leaders in the African American community, Holland tells the story of L.A.'s ghettos from the arrival of blacks in California in the mid-19th century, to the employment boom during the Second World War, to the beginnings of economic decline in the 1950s, to the 1965 Watts riot.
Somehow, one imagines he could have found easier ways to do so than sending goons to hijack a Confederate bullion convoy or pick up cheap stocks on Wall Street during the Crash.
But her role is confined to victimhood; her big moment comes when she hangs from a drainpipe during the final shootout.
``We have been given a great opportunity to practice journalism for our community, and I am proud of the way our staff has come through, especially during the very difficult times following the Northridge Earthquake,'' Burdick said.
``We have been given a great opportunity to practice journalism for our community, and I am proud of the way our staff has come through, especially during the very difficult times following the Northridge Earthquake,'' Burdick said.
Because the water level in the swamp fluctuates between 10 and 20 feet during a normal yearly cycle, the scenery constantly changes with the season, affording a different type of beauty with each visit.
Popular enough to have recorded three albums and a longtime performer on Friday nights at A-Bear's Cajun Cafe down the road, Guidry sings Cajun ballads in French and English and plays both accordion and guitar during his tours.
He said his daughter was conceived during the only night he spent with his then-21-year-old fiancee, after he convinced her he was about to leave on a dangerous mission from which he might never return.
Last month, Michel missed several votes during a period stretching from Friday Aug.
WHERE HIPNESS IS ON-LINE  (BC-SOUNDBYTE-WASOW-$ADV18-NYT) ItT was in 1985, during his sophomore year at Stuyvesant High School in Brooklyn that Omar Wasow began to associate technology with community: He attended a party in Manhattan's East Village, where a wildly diverse group of computer aficionados, drawn together by their common interest in populist computing, swapped stories and bootlegged software.
	Right wing groups have threatened to bomb the theaters that show the film, which looks sympathetically at a band of communist guerillas before and during the Korean War, and the police have sought an indictment of the novel's author, Cho Jung Rae, on charges that his 10-volume epic is pro-communist.
Some Clinton supporters consider his willingness to brush aside popular opinion a surprising turnabout from his views during the Vietnam War, when he joined thousands of other college students in demanding a U.S. withdrawal.
``It merely says that what we would like to see is the return to the kind of government and values we had during the Eisenhower administration of 1950s.'' Those views, Robertson said, ``shouldn't threaten anything or anyone except doctrinaire liberals.'' He didn't elaborate.
These costs would come on top of the more than $180 million the United States will have spent during this fiscal year to enforce an embargo against Haiti and to rescue Haitian boat people and house them at the U.S. naval station at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
I just detest violence,'' said Lewis, now a Democratic congressman from Atlanta, who was beaten and jailed repeatedly during the 1960s civil rights movement in the South.
Lewis acknowledges that during his blackest days in the civil rights movement, he called for help from the U.S. military.
After being beaten unconscious in March 1965 during the infamous march over the Edmund Pettus Bridge, Lewis, then a college student, questioned why President Johnson could send troops to Vietnam but not to Selma, Ala.
The festival is also presenting a daylong exploration of Liszt's medical and psychological condition during the final 15 years of his life.
These companies, along with smaller competitors and suppliers, helped Warsaw sail smoothly through the recessions that socked most of the Midwest during the 1980s.
Bingaman, the head of the Justice Department's antitrust division, has revived that unit since the start of the Clinton administration -- a share break from the more laissez faire stance taken during the Reagan-Bush years.
Last April, Touvier, 79, who collaborated with the Nazis as a police official during World War II, was sentenced to life in prison for crimes against humanity in ordering the execution of seven Jews in 1944.
Waldheim had been accused of serving with a German army unit that committed atrocities during World War II.
Among other programs that are about to begin here are several aimed at eastern Germany, where during the communist era many people were given only a partial view of the U.S. role in Germany.
Over the coming months, as Germans observe the 50th anniversary of various events leading up to and following the end of World War II, the United States will sponsor discussions in eastern Germany intended to present fuller historical background than was available to most people there during the decades of communist rule.
Right-wing groups have threatened to bomb the theaters that show the film, which takes a sympathetic look at a band of communist guerrillas before and during the Korean War.
He wasn't trying to hurt the guy.'' Lewis decked Elway during last Sunday's overtime victory just as Elway threw the ball into the end zone.
``But he's gotten pretty philosophical about it now.'' Clinton, however, portraying himself as a centrist Democrat, went out of his way during his 1992 presidential campaign to distance himself from the failures of the Carter administration, which lost to Ronald Reagan in a landslide in 1980.
Yet Carter came forward during the dark days of Clinton's presidential primary campaign to endorse the fellow southern Democrat over a field of Democratic rivals.
``I've known Bill Clinton since 1974,'' Carter said in April 1992 as the Arkansan tried to rebound from character questions over an alleged extramarital affair and his avoidance of military service during the Vietnam war.
Although the Carter trip provided a ray of hope that the crisis could be settled without bloodshed, diplomats here cautioned that the military repeatedly has stalled and reneged on agreements during the long negotiations to restore exiled President Jean-Bertrand Aristide.
One Haitian radio station later reported Swing met with Cedras during the day on Friday, though the report could not immediately be confirmed.
Most of the deaths, though, would come from such things as helicopter crashes, drownings during the landing and car wrecks.
Slattery is resigned to his underdog role, a part he's rarely played during his career in Congress and the Kansas Legislature.
It was a Bayer chemist who developed aspirin in 1897, but during World War I the United States confiscated Bayer's American aspirin business, later selling it to Sterling for $5.3 million.
The nation's largest commercial fleet operator, United Parcel Service, said in August that it would convert more than half its 925 vehicles in Connecticut during the next 24 months to compressed natural gas.
A Roman Catholic, she and her family went to a church that celebrated Latin Mass at a time when most children her age were singing ``Kumbaya'' and strumming guitars during folk Masses.
In one of many transcendent moments during a generous two-hour performance, Gill swerved into some very Van Morrison-inspired gospel-pop territory with an extended ``Nothing Like a Woman.'' As two church-organ-styled keyboards riffed breezily away, Gill brought the band down to a whisper and gave one of the most heartfelt and improvised vocal performances of the night.
But at least last week, the judge ordered the tax people not to ``interrupt the training routine of the horse during the remains of the racing season.'' There no longer were signs on the stall door announcing that a lien had been placed on the horse's bankroll, and no tax agents were standing by to lasso him as a collectible asset.
SCHOOLS PRIMPING UP CAFETERIAS TO KEEP MORE STUDENTS ON CAMPUS  (BC-LUNCH-SCHOOL-450&ADD-SFCHRON) The goal is to keep students on campus during lunch hour.
``It's the rule, but we don't want to make it a punishment.'' Since the school opened 22 years ago, students have been free to wander off campus during lunch, often crowding into eateries a half-block away.
For this school year, Principal Patty Christa decided to forbid the 480 new freshmen from leaving during lunch when she saw that last year's freshmen registered far more F's than any other class.
Keeping as many students on campus as possible during lunch is also a challenge for Amador Valley High School, a Pleasanton school located a few steps away from several eateries.
``Let's face it,'' the 15-year-old tuba player said, ``they don't have Japanese restaurants on campus.'' Principal John Davini of Mount Eden High School in Hayward is also trying to come up with a few tricks to keep his students on school grounds during lunch.
The school expanded its intramural sports program during lunch and hired a disc jockey to entertain students in the eating area.
``Baseball is simply a wonderful window into the American soul, and people who follow the game already know that,'' Burns said during a summer session with television critics.
Daly twice hit his tee shot into the group ahead of him during the final round of the tournament, coming close to hitting a club professional named Jeffrey Roth.
In another incident that might have precipitated this latest action, Daly was quoted in an interview published during the British Open in July as saying that some PGA Tour players used drugs and should be drug-tested.
The epic was supposed to run during the pennant races and a week or two before the postseason -- games that now will never be played.
But ``Baseball'' is art, an enduring gift to the national pastime whose messages of permanence, renewal and spirit should be heeded by the game's feuding professional custodians before it's too late.
You cannot change a culture.'' But Charlie St. Hilaire, a barber at Carl's, on Church Avenue, argued that during the U.S. occupation of Haiti from 1914 to 1935, the Americans built schools, hospitals and roads.
``I'm not recommending it, but they don't have to be stuck with this.'' City officials and executives at the nonprofit groups that are to lose money say the problems began when the contracting process was changed during the Dinkins administration in an effort to open up the bidding to new youth service groups.
But during the Dinkins administration, the Mayor's Office of Contracts told the department that the bonus points gave established groups too much of an advantage in the bidding process, Ms. Pitts said.
He had taught there since 1941, with time out for service as a major in the Army Medical Corps during World War II.
But he acknowledged that discussions were being held with them through their ``emissaries.'' The last-ditch effort at a peaceful solution came as Clinton tried to shore up support for an invasion during a hastily arranged meeting at the White House among the 24 nations that have promised to commit peace-keeping forces after the U.S. military establishes order in Haiti.
He had taught there since 1941, with time out for service as a major in the Army Medical Corps during World War II.
Mary Ellen Samuels, 47, who maintained her innocence during her murder trial, betrayed little emotion Friday as Superior Court Judge Michael Hoff formally sentenced her to death.
Defense attorney Philip Nameth argued during the trial that the real killers of Samuels and Bernstein were other people who implicated Mary Ellen Samuels in exchange for reduced sentences or dismissal of charges against them.
-- Veteran economic hand Herbert Barchoff, who was on the Council of Economic Advisors during the Truman administration, is among those wondering whether the economy has been all that robust.
Under the program, teachers train brighter high school students and they in turn are paid to tutor other students during free periods.
Further clouding the issue is the absence of any law or mechanism to prevent backsliding on parity from the current level of 84 percent per pupil during the 1995-96 and 1996-97 school years.
If they hadn't walked out then or at some time during the season, the players felt, they would reach the off-season, the owners would hit them with the salary cap and they would have no leverage with a November strike.
Slaughter has occurred before and during several coups in Haiti this century, as juntas that are shortly to be overthrown have sought vengeance against their enemies ``Especially at a time like this, I do not dare even to show my face on the street,'' a prominent intellectual who supports Aristide said Friday morning.
-- Veteran economic hand Herbert Barchoff, who was on the Council of Economic Advisors during the Truman administration, is among those wondering whether the economy has been all that robust.
The clincher could only be found when the fluttery creature emerged as an adult, which happens during the worst heat of summer.
It was a time of year during which off-roaders know enough to stay away.
``It could be described as a complete success.'' Friday's demonstration of the device, called a ``safer'' by NASA, represented a genuine leap forward for astronauts who face even the remotest possibility of severing a safety tether during a spacewalk.
The shuttle can fly quickly to retrieve a free-flying astronaut during a spacewalk.
The two astronauts perched together on the top of Discovery's outstretched 50-foot robot arm during the riskiest part of the spacewalk.
He served as former Navy Secretary John Lehman's executive assistant for four years during the Navy's rapid buildup in the Reagan administration.
After the verdict, Exxon stock, which had been pushed down during the trial, rose $1.50 within minutes.
There is a whole series of questions that stockholders ought to be asking about the way Exxon treats people.'' According to Exxon, the largest damage award ever in its history was in 1983 in a case involving overcharging on crude oil sales during a period when a complex formula of federal price controls was in effect.
Exhibitions showcasing Ono or the milieu that nurtured her in New York during the 1960s have traveled to more than 50 cities in the past five years, with two Santa Barbara museums currently hosting such displays.
The former Democratic president angered some aides to Clinton during a semi-official diplomatic mission to North Korea this summer, but they said the breadth of background and perspective the three-member team would bring to Port-au-Prince might help persuade Haiti's leaders that despite strong opposition from Congress and the public, Clinton stood prepared to make good on his threats.
And Aristide, who is controversial even in the administration, pledged during the White House meeting to reject vengeance and retaliation against his opponents once the U.S. military helps to restore him to power.
NEW HAMPSHIRE PROFESSOR OUSTED FOR LECTURE GETS JOB BACK  (BC-SEX-HARASS-PROF-NYT) A federal judge found Friday that the University of New Hampshire acted wrongly when it suspended a professor for sexual harassment after seven female students complained about comments he had made during a writing class.
The Silva case centered on two comments by the professor, who is also a longtime pastor at a New Hampshire church, during a class on technical writing.
 (BC-ROWING-YT) Xeno Mueller, a cocky young oarsman, will be saying to himself, ``Economic strokes, economic strokes; be efficient, be efficient,'' during his heavyweight single sculls race Saturday at the world rowing championships.
And, if Dwight Gooden returns to baseball, Green said he thought that Gooden would be best served to take his glove and ``go somewhere else.'' These recommendations were among a handful that Green, the Mets' manager, made to General Manager Joe McIlvaine on Friday morning during a meeting in McIlvaine's office at Shea Stadium.
Perhaps the most blatant example during my several weeks in Berlin was the story of political unrest in Nigeria, with the military rulers keeping in prison the man who a year ago had evidently won a democratic election to lead the country.
MCNALL REPEATEDLY INVOKES FIFTH AMENDMENT DURING BANKRUPTCY HEARING LOS ANGELES  (BC-MCNALL-HEARING-LADN) Under investigation by a federal grand jury for bank fraud, sports executive Bruce McNall repeatedly invoked the Fifth Amendment when asked during a routine bankruptcy proceeding if he had secreted funds overseas.
Testifying under oath during the two-hour creditors' meeting on Friday, McNall -- flanked by two attorneys -- refused to answer when asked if he had transferred large sums of money to bank accounts in Switzerland, England and Liechtenstein.
The president and part owner of the Los Angeles Kings hockey team cited his right not to incriminate himself dozens of times during the meeting in downtown Los Angeles when questioned about a wide variety of subjects.
Dressed in a dark gray suit and accompanied by Pollack and his bankruptcy attorney, Richard Wynne, McNall sometimes appeared grim, but managed to smile and even chuckle at several points during the meeting.
On a fast surface, with quick points, it's conceivable that Brooke Shields may get more actual TV air time during a match than Andre Agassi.
``I'd go to the games, watch him and Kurri, then try and do the same stuff the next day.'' Now Brown, 26, is being given a chance to play alongside Gretzky during Kings' training camp.
Asked about it during an interview last week he promised only to study the matter.
Criminal justice experts say that the rush to hire contributed to an increase in incidents like high-speed traffic accidents during chases, perjury by police officers and sloppy handling of evidence -- not to mention behavior that is outright criminal.
Nelson Bunker Hunt said during the 1970s that he wouldn't sell it for less than $200 million.
Unsuccessful ``Saturday Night Live'' nominee Phil Hartman tells the tale: ``Right after Mike Myers and I lost our category, I walked over to him during a commercial break and said, ``I'm glad you lost,'' and we got into a mock strangling match right in the aisle in front of everybody.
In the improv arena, you get to explore this.'' Although his success with the Groundlings has carried him well beyond the brick building at 7307 Melrose, Hartman returns there during this anniversary week not only with nostalgia, but with gratitude.
Part June Cleaver, part air-traffic controller, she links kids with their doctors, holds hands during tender procedures, administers shots and just tries, she said, to be reassuring.
Asked whether U.S. business people living in Singapore had reason to be concerned for their status in a country once considered a close ally of the United States, a State Department spokesman in Washington said, ``That is a decision that business representatives must make on their own.'' In what appears to be the most serious charge against Freehill, he is accused of kicking the door of a car in December 1992 during a traffic scuffle, bruising the shin of the driver, a lecturer at the National University of Singapore.
Owners of a Canadian fishing vessel, which Coyote had collided with last month during a BOC qualifying sail, filed papers on Friday in the United States District Court of Charleston to seize Coyote.
The lawmakers' decision was criticized by many Poles as another effort by the government to revert to practices used during Communism and to turn away from democratic reforms.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) The Federal Judicial Center study provided some ammunition for this concern, noting that most of the broadcast images from the courtroom appeared to be used merely as background ``to illustrate a reporter's narration rather than to tell the story through the words and actions of participants.'' Despite the ambivalence, the judges appear to expect the proposal to be approved because few, if any, concrete problems emerged during the study period and because television coverage of state courts has become comfortably commonplace over the past decade.
``From the 1950s, the United States has been vibrantly active in the International Atomic Energy Agency in Vienna, and at least in part the success of the IAEA is very much a testament to our staying the course,'' she said in an interview from Islamabad, Pakistan, during a visit to South Asia.
23); takes his headdress with him to Sunday Mass (he has the priest bless it), and would die happy if he could only return home Sunday during the Mexican Independence celebration with a gaudy, gold-plated world championship belt.
Another critic, Dick Thornburgh, the former attorney general, who has studied the United Nations in detail, said: ``The United Nations slumbered for years during the cold war and now there is a greater interest in performance because of its peacekeeping operations.
As a sign of the tensions surrounding the case, he has been accused of delaying the grand jury proceedings to prevent a decision during the hot days of the summer.
Some charged that he deliberately delayed the proceedings to avoid any possible confrontation over a conclusion reached during the summer.
``We simply couldn't get them together during the period of the summer.'' Victoria Shuford, a member of a Park Hill Tenants' Association who came to Staten Island as a child in the early 1970s from Newark, N.J., said many are concerned about the composition of the grand jury, which, citing the secrecy of the proceedings, Murphy refused to discuss.
The spying system was the brainchild of Dr. Maurice Ewing, a geophysicist who during World War II worked at Woods Hole, on Cape Cod, and later founded a premier earth science research center, the Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory of Columbia University.
But some of Rather's competitors criticized him for mentioning during the interview a CBS News program scheduled for later that night.
But Gray, when asked about that prospect during an interview on Cable News Network, replied: ``The administration has said: `Here is the boundaries of any discussions and negotiations.
As head of a team of election observers during the 1990 presidential campaign, Jimmy Carter asked the young candidate if he would accept the results if he lost.
Then he pointed out that he walked picket lines during strikes at The Daily News and Eastern Air Lines.
Travelers are also uneasy, and many USAir passengers arriving at Pittsburgh Airport last week described how their jet's cabin fell eerily silent during the final approach.
Earlier this year Hedden, the County Council vice chairman, spoke before congressional leaders who were exploring the changing needs of the West during a series of hearings.
His public comments on the military's conduct during and after the campaign were full of praise.
Four years later, during a commencement address, Paterno wondered how a man who claimed he knew so little about Watergate could know so much about college football.
Those terms follow the pattern set in contract agreements with the city's other municipal and uniformed workers over the last year and a half, including those with the other uniformed services, which Giuliani's administration has negotiated during the last few months.
There are no words to describe him.'' Holy Bull, who is owned and trained by Jimmy Croll, gave his performance during a one-day round trip from his home on the Jersey Shore.
I'm sure that isn't going to change because of this.'' The shooting of a former mayor was a stark reminder of the entrenched urban problems of Bridgeport, a city that had seen its manufacturing base start to slip away a generation ago and whose slide worsened during the 1980s when Paoletta was mayor.
Earlier this year Hedden, the County Council vice chairman, spoke before congressional leaders who were exploring the changing needs of the West during a series of hearings.
``Lots of people look during the summer months,'' said Frank Newbold, a partner with Braverman Newbold Brennan Real Estate of East Hampton, N.Y. ``But they're not really focused until they think they can find the best deal.
Haiti's invaders often encountered their biggest problems during their occupation.
Owners of a Canadian fishing vessel, which Coyote had collided with last month during a BOC qualifying sail, filed papers on Friday in U.S. District Court to seize Coyote.
``She put her career aside during the war and although she went to Italy after the War'' to resume her training, ``her voice had gone,'' Scherzer said.
Extra Points The crowd of 75,687 was the 196th consecutive sellout at Memorial Stadium, a streak that began during Bob Devaney's first year as Nebraska coach in 1962.
Veland became the starter when Mike Minter suffered a season-ending knee injury during Nebraska's victory over Texas Tech.
Several players threw up during the game, said Gibbs, though he credited ``a bug,'' not their performance for bringing on the nausea.
First, there was Montana's none-too-subtle dismissal of him during their time together with the 49ers, and then came Jimmy Johnson's postgame chirp before Super Bowl XXVII that, yes, they had expected Young to turn over the ball once or twice.
The latest concept being examined is a screen that would roll out in two parts and meet over the middle of the hole, and would be retracted during good-weather days.
Seventy-seven laps on a track like this will be about taking care of your car.'' Like Kendall, Baldwin learned the brutal reality of that during Friday's crash, which destroyed the Camaro he drove to victory here last year.
He started every game during the 1990 and '91 seasons and was considered to have Pro Bowl potential.
Saying he had employees who could run his businesses in his absence, he signed a three-year contract worth $3.3 million during the summer.
The team, dubbed the ``Earthquake Kids'' for enduring the Jan.
``I think it would have been nice if they waited and rescheduled this during a time when things were calmer and maybe the first lady and the president could have come together,'' said Dunlap.
Dehere developed pain in both feet during summer workouts at his old school, Seton Hall, and one doctor told the second-year guard he had a severe stress fracture, jeopardizing Dehere's shot to succeed Harper as a backcourt starter.
The thing I hear a lot is `streak shooter.' A lot of young players are streak shooters because their minutes are streaky.'' Dehere must improve his footwork and significantly raise his field-goal percentage -- he also struggled from outside during summer-league play in July (5 of 28 for 18 percent on three-pointers) -- to hold off the pure-shooting Piatkowski.
McCord, removed from the Masters because of tasteless remarks during last April's tournament, revealed that Chirkinian showed him Watson's letter.
Tim McCarver would have been canned for offending Deion Sanders during the 1992 National League playoffs.
Asked about it during an interview last week he promised only to study the matter.
Nelson Bunker Hunt said during the 1970s that he wouldn't sell it for less than $200 million.
Criminal justice experts say that the rush to hire contributed to an increase in incidents like high-speed traffic accidents during chases, perjury by police officers and sloppy handling of evidence -- not to mention behavior that is outright criminal.
He also suggests spraying an antiperspirant on areas like feet that are likely to sweat heavily during exercise.
This being a ``mid-term'' election year during the tenure of a Democratic president whose popularity is slipping here as elsewhere, California Republicans, like other Republicans, hope to benefit most from the dissatisfaction and wavering.
`NO ORDINARY TIME': AN INTIMATE ACCOUNT OF FRANKLIN AND ELEANOR ROOSEVELT  (BC-ROOSEVELT-BOOK-REVIEW-720&ADD-NYT) When most of us who were alive during World War II recall what the home front was like, we think of gas rationing and air-raid drills and what we were doing when the news of Pearl Harbor was announced.
Goodwin tells it, so completely did the president dominate events during the war that whatever affected his mood was felt by the whole country.
........11......9.......14 (Simon & Schuster, $24.) The inner workings of the White House during the first year of the Clinton administration.
The defense also will ask Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Lance Ito to dismiss charges against Simpson outright, arguing that evidence submitted by prosecutors during a preliminary hearing was insufficient to prove Simpson's guilt on double-murder charges beyond a reasonable doubt.
Evidence gained during that search was later used as a basis for obtaining subsequent search warrants.
2 should be thrown out because the searches were done based on evidence generated during the Los Angeles County grand jury investigation into Al Cowlings, one of O.J. Simpson's closest friends.
Second- and third-year law students, meanwhile, will debate search and seizure laws, using the Simpson case as an example, in mock courtrooms during professor Peter Arenella's law classes at the University of California, Los Angeles.
But the legal lesson in the case will continue Monday during a hearing on several motions, including a defense motion to suppress key evidence.
At USC, Chemerinsky said that the law school likely will keep a television set on in a student lounge area so students can follow the trial during their free time.
The same thing was done during the Clarence Thomas Supreme Court confirmation hearings involving Anita Hill.
Garland said he will keep his video cassette recorder rolling at home during the day, edit the tapes later, and use key arguments to illustrate legal topics when it is relevant -- which is almost every day.
Shooting in Siena this summer during preparation for the Palio horse race, the ad team surprised the model Leslie Navajas (``she is very shy and soft-spoken,'' Luzzi said) as she rounded a corner.
``Men from 18 to 49, and we'd like to try to bring that down more to 18 to 34,'' said Ms. Salhany, the first -- and so far only -- woman to head an American broadcast network, during a telephone interview on Thursday, her first full day on the job as president and chief executive of the United/Paramount network.
Ms. Salhany has pursued the male viewer with success throughout her career, most recently during her 18-month tenure as chairwoman of Fox Broadcasting, which ended two months ago.
NFL football, whose popularity exploded during a 30-year relationship with CBS, jumped to Fox and is therefore on new channels on Sunday afternoons.
He demanded ``an immediate halt to violence and the restoration of democracy.'' But during the remaining 15 months of his presidency Bush made no real effort to oust the Haitian military regime.
Perhaps, despite the dismal record of the American military occupation of Haiti from 1915 to 1934, an invasion now is a lesser evil than what the Haitian people are enduring.
But on the subject of the decision that caused the greatest uproar during his last years running Ford Motor Co. -- his firing of Lee A.
This being a midterm election year during the tenure of a Democratic president whose popularity is slipping here as elsewhere, California Republicans, like other Republicans, hope to benefit most from the dissatisfaction.
In its prospectus, the company said it intended to open 11 new stores and relocate three more during the remainder of the year.
Yet despite its enduring popularity, hundreds of inventors have tried to improve on it.
Shortly after leaving New Jersey's Congressional delegation in early 1981, he said in an interview that he had learned during his years in Congress that the wise course was to be ``low-profiled, selfless, to regard your constituents as sacred and don't shoot your mouth off on every issue.
But people familiar with McNall's finances said the Kings never made money during his ownership, largely because the team had to make high payments to play its home games in the Great Western Forum, which is owned by the owner of the Los Angeles Lakers basketball team, Jerry Buss.
Zwilling said that during the 10:15 a.m. Mass at St. Patrick's Cathedral on Sunday, O'Connor asked congregants to pray for peace in Haiti.
``He said very clearly that he is simply raising questions,'' Zwilling said, ``that he believes in the Catholic theory of a just war, but that he doubts whether any war could be just, just as he did during the buildup leading up to the gulf war a few years ago.'' 
Dressed in a red bandanna and two-tone cleats, he slapped every hand he could find during introductions, and he literally jumped out of his seat on the opening kickoff when Dexter Carter nearly went the distance.
Coach Don Shula eschews these cooling contraptions during a game.
But Haitian and foreign officials said agreement was being delayed by the issue of amnesty for crimes that military officers committed during the three years since the elected president, the Rev.
Last June during preliminary hearings, Simpson's lawyers filed a similar motion to quash the evidence obtained by the police.
Still, even if Simpson's lawyers lose on the motion to suppress, they might gain strategically by raising doubts in the forum of public opinion and possibly in the minds of prospective jurors about police conduct during the pre-dawn search.
Locked together all day in what are often drab jury rooms, and then restricted to hotel rooms, strangers often grow agitated during deliberations.
But Haitian and foreign officials said agreement was being delayed by the issue of amnesty for crimes that military officers committed during the three years since the elected president, the Rev.
ARISTIDE SUPPORTERS SPENT SUNDAY PRAYING FOR HIS RETURN PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti  (BC-HAITI-ARISTIDE-COX) ``You are going to see,'' the congregation sang in French during morning Mass at Sacre Coeur Church.
(Gleb Kosorukov/New York Times Photo.) 	(NYT6) ELMONT, N.Y. -- September 19, 1994 -- RAC-HOLY-BULL, 9-18 -- Jockey Mike Smith tipping his hat to the crowd after riding Holy Bull during his tour de force performance in the Woodward at Belmont.
(Gleb Kosorukov/New York Times Photo.) 	(NYT6) ELMONT, N.Y. -- September 19, 1994 -- RAC-HOLY-BULL, 9-18 -- Jockey Mike Smith tipping his hat to the crowd after riding Holy Bull during his tour de force performance in the Woodward at Belmont.
(Gleb Kosorukov/New York Times Photo.) 	(NYT6) ELMONT, N.Y. -- September 19, 1994 -- RAC-HOLY-BULL, 9-18 -- Jockey Mike Smith tipping his hat to the crowd after riding Holy Bull during his tour de force performance in the Woodward at Belmont.
(Gleb Kosorukov/New York Times Photo.) 	(NYT6) ELMONT, N.Y. -- September 19, 1994 -- RAC-HOLY-BULL, 9-18 -- Jockey Mike Smith tipping his hat to the crowd after riding Holy Bull during his tour de force performance in the Woodward at Belmont.
But even though the Broncos have always been there when the Raiders needed them, they may never have done their longtime nemesis a greater favor than they did during their 48-16 loss here Sunday.
Philippe Biamby, his chief of staff, access to millions of dollars that they have managed to reap during their three-year tenure.
They have also pledged to cooperate fully with the coalition troops during the peaceful transition of power, something we have wanted very much.
Philippe Biamby, his chief of staff, access to millions of dollars that they have managed to reap during their three-year tenure.
At several moments during the day, Biamby and Cedras's wife, Yannick, appeared on the front balcony of military headquarters, waving and smiling to supporters waiting below.
He demanded ``an immediate halt to violence and the restoration of democracy.'' But during the remaining 15 months of his presidency Bush made no real effort to oust the Haitian military regime.
``Every year I'd come in as the starter, and for some reason or another during the course of the year they started to play games in the middle of the season.
His emotions are usually hidden in his 280-pound frame, seeping through about as rarely as he let an opponent rush past him during his Hall of Fame playing career.
Montgomery had 38 yards on four carries during that drive, more than twice the yardage he had in the first two games combined.
Clinton also scored points with the American military, the 1.6-million member force that had been alienated by their commander-in-chief's avoidance of military service during the Vietnam war and his fulfillment of a campaign pledge to ease legalized discrimination against gays in uniform.
Los Angeles defense lawyer Harland Braun received $600,000 for representing one of the defendants in the ``Twilight Zone'' manslaughter case in which actor Vic Morrow and two children were killed during filming of a movie.
London tries to turn McCall's brief record as comptroller against him, maintaining that the so-called debt reform actually gives the governor a blank check to borrow, that using pension fund investments to influence social policy can be inappropriate and that the dismissal of several Regan holdovers in the comptroller's New York City office during a mayoral election year -- when McCall was supporting the Democratic incumbent, David Dinkins -- politicized the office.
 (BC-HAITI-3RDLD-2NDTAKE-NYT) At several moments during the day, Biamby and Cedras' wife, Yannick, appeared on the front balcony of military headquarters, waving and smiling to supporters waiting below.
People out on the streets during the day here expressed concerns that such forces could go on a rampage if military leaders went into exile, leaving their less fortunate supporters to face retribution from the populace or criminal charges once Father Aristide was returned to power.
``But I don't call the shots.'' Sanders, the two-sport star who signed with the 49ers soon after the major league baseball season was canceled last week, obviously impressed his new employers during his handful of snaps.
He demanded ``an immediate halt to violence and the restoration of democracy.'' But during the remaining 15 months of his presidency Bush made no real effort to oust the Haitian military regime.
Or, the junta's supporters say, Jego was killed by maniacal supporters of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide and the body moved downtown to discredit the military leaders during Carter's visit.
Although he was acquitted of drug charges, he acknowledged using cocaine during the late 1970s, admitting it affected his playing ability.
He was the only American male player, however, to win the Italian Open twice -- in 1977 and '79 -- during a four-year tenure as the No. 4 in the world.
``I had so much of it, so I hit it.'' Lewis played a significant amount of time despite a stiff neck, a result of being hit by teammate Eddie Anderson during the Seattle game last week defending a pass.
Carlton Gray, the other starting cornerback, sprained his left ankle when he caught it in the turf during the first quarter.
Last season, he also won the most valuable player awards during the regular season and the Super Bowl.
But Sanders' high school recruiting escapade comes with a disclaimer that Switzer, who was coaching at the University of Oklahoma during Sanders' Oklahoma State career, is fond of repeating.
Probably not.'' Still, consider: TCU squandered several opportunities to beat 13th-ranked North Carolina during its 27-17 defeat in the season opener in Chapel Hill.
CHIEFS ARE A DOMINANT TEAM ATLANTA  (BC-RAND-COL-KAN) The Kansas City Chiefs during their first five years under Coach Marty Schottenheimer usually have been very good.
Brown raised more than $1.5 million during the dinner, which was held on a sound stage at 20th Century Fox movie studios in the Los Angeles.
At several moments during the day, Biamby and Cedras' wife, Yannick, appeared on the front balcony of military headquarters, waving and smiling to supporters waiting below.
To Harry Hopman, the late Australian Davis Cup team captain, who tutored Gerulaitis during his early years at the Port Washington Tennis Academy on Long Island, there was nothing out of Gerulaitis' reach as a player.
``Who's going to give a damn about Vitas Gerulaitis when he finished playing tennis?'' Gerulaitis once said during a period when his computer ranking in 1981 had slid from top 3 to almost out of the top 10.
After being beaten during an evening match at a tournament in Forest Hills one year, Gerulaitis proceeded to caustically criticize a linesman, saying, ``They ought to put him in a crematorium.'' When later told that the linesman was Jewish, after his quotes had appeared in newspapers, Gerulaitis sheepishly apologized.
........11......9.......14 (Simon & Schuster, $24.) The inner workings of the White House during the first year of the Clinton administration.
One son had a bicycle horn by his bed to beckon me during the night when he needed something.
Criminal justice experts say that the rush to hire contributed to an increase in incidents like high-speed traffic accidents during chases, perjury by police officers and sloppy handling of evidence -- not to mention behavior that is outright criminal.
Asked about it during an interview last week he promised only to study the matter.
Nelson Bunker Hunt said during the 1970s that he wouldn't sell it for less than $200 million.
``...At some moment during these last hours, one final message was radioed from someone near the bridge,'' Ryan says.
A Roman Catholic, she and her family went to a church that celebrated Latin Mass at a time when most children her age were singing ``Kumbaya'' and strumming guitars during folk Masses.
The spying system was the brainchild of Dr. Maurice Ewing, a geophysicist who during World War II worked at Woods Hole, on Cape Cod, and later founded a premier earth science research center, the Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory of Columbia University.
Earlier this year Hedden, the County Council vice chairman, spoke before congressional leaders who were exploring the changing needs of the West during a series of hearings.
``From the 1950s, the United States has been vibrantly active in the International Atomic Energy Agency in Vienna, and at least in part the success of the IAEA is very much a testament to our staying the course,'' she said in an interview from Islamabad, Pakistan, during a visit to South Asia.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) The Federal Judicial Center study provided some ammunition for this concern, noting that most of the broadcast images from the courtroom appeared to be used merely as background ``to illustrate a reporter's narration rather than to tell the story through the words and actions of participants.'' Despite the ambivalence, the judges appear to expect the proposal to be approved because few, if any, concrete problems emerged during the study period and because television coverage of state courts has become comfortably commonplace over the past decade.
Cuba lost not only its strongest political ally, but also its (ital) tio rico (unital) -- the rich uncle who provided over $80 billion during the 1970s and 1980s.
This measure was kept in place during the cold war to punish Cuba for its support of leftist terrorists worldwide.
Yet Bill Clinton, under pressure from exiles in Miami, declared during his campaign last year that the embargo would continue, and has just reconfirmed this.
This being a midterm election year during the tenure of a Democratic president whose popularity is slipping here as elsewhere, California Republicans, like other Republicans, hope to benefit most from the dissatisfaction.
Last June during preliminary hearings, Simpson's lawyers filed a similar motion to quash the evidence obtained by the police.
Still, even if Simpson's lawyers lose on the motion to suppress, they might gain strategically by raising doubts in the forum of public opinion and possibly in the minds of prospective jurors about police conduct during the pre-dawn search.
Locked together all day in what are often drab jury rooms, and then restricted to hotel rooms, strangers often grow agitated during deliberations.
Anyone recall the grisly photos of Australian airmen being decapitated with Japanese samurai swords, or the bodies strewn about during the rape of Nanking?
Queeg himself may have been a mentally imbalanced martinet, but his philosophy was enduringly sound.
Pete Wilson of practicing the `politics of cynicism' by endorsing Proposition 187, an initiative she said was reminiscent of the internment of Japanese Americans during World War II.
Brown's remarks came during an important fundraising dinner here Sunday night for which her campaign sold $1.5 million in tickets, the most ever since she started running for governor.
Wilson endorsed the measure over the weekend during the Republican convention in San Diego.
187 was merely the latest in a long line of immigrant-bashing measures instituted during harsh times in the state.
Child development experts are emphatic about the need for parents -- or such surrogates as baby sitters and nannies -- to control children's television viewing during the saturation coverage of the trial.
Clinton had promised the middle-class tax cut during his 1992 presidential campaign but shelved it shortly before taking office as a result of what he said was a larger-than-expected growth in the federal budget deficit.
Clinton had promised the middle-class tax cut during his 1992 presidential campaign but shelved it shortly before taking office as a result of what he said was a larger-than-expected growth in the federal budget deficit.
``Under Suspicion,'' created and written by Steven Bochco veteran Jacqueline Zambrano, is a blatant rip-off of the infinitely superior British series ``Prime Suspect,'' which aired on PBS's ``Mystery!'' during the past three years.
She also whines about the difficulties of growing up with noncounterculture parents during the social turmoils of the 60s.
Does anyone really want to be a wallflower at the orgy?'' Such self-pitying passages make the reader want to shake the author, and remind her that there are far worse fates than growing up during the 70s in New York and going to Harvard.
Hemingway produced 70 percent of his works, including ``For Whom the Bell Tolls,'' during the 1930s while living on Whitehead Street in a large house with lime green shutters.
The first column shows the average hours of physical activity per week reported by the women during their reproductive years.
And his new ABC series, ``Me and the Boys,'' premieres at 7:30 Tuesday night in a good time slot -- ``We're between `Full House' and `Roseanne,''' Harvey says, taking a break during the filming of his fourth episode.
Ginsberg, who suffers from diabetes and a heart ailment, appeared frail and tired during his San Francisco visit, a far cry from his formerly burly, bushy-bearded self.
While designers like Karl Lagerfeld and Valentino were shying from Robert Altman's cameras last spring during the filming of ``Pret-a-Porter,'' worried about the stereotyping of the industry, Gaultier reveled in it, playing himself.
Weather maps showed the chance of thunderstorms during the invasion.
Indeed, during the three hours we spend with Fujinaga, who is our tour guide, some of us are stirred to tears.
``Social Security won't be able to provide much more than food stamps for the elderly, companies won't be providing as much as they do now and many companies won't even be around in the next 17 to 30 years, when most baby boomers will be retiring,'' Beese said during a conference on the economy at Boston College.
Most of the 3 million American jobs lost during the 1980s were protected by lucrative pension plans, but most jobs now being created come with plans that are far less generous, or with no pensions at all.
``Social Security won't be able to provide much more than food stamps for the elderly, companies won't be providing as much as they do now and many companies won't even be around in the next 17 to 30 years, when most baby boomers will be retiring,'' Beese said during a conference on the economy at Boston College.
Most of the 3 million American jobs lost during the 1980s were protected by lucrative pension plans, but most jobs now being created come with plans that are far less generous, or with no pensions at all.
His Secretary of State, Warren Christopher, was all but invisible during the last few days of the crisis.
But to Froehllch, the 441-foot ship, one of more than 2,700 built during that convulsive national effort half a century ago, will always be the SS Martin Johnson.
Anita Hill during the Clarence Thomas hearings.
In her opinion, Judge Taylor quotes friends and relatives of Greene's, as well as a babysitter, who said Ms. Prost often ate dinner alone and very late at night, ``while sitting on the kitchen floor, with her plate on the floor, talking on the telephone or writing while she was eating.'' Friends of Greene described Ms. Prost as working even during her children's birthday parties, of ``barking orders'' at them, and of being ``very tightly wound.'' By contrast, the judge said Greene was a playful, affectionate parent to his two sons -- Matthew, 7, and Jeffrey, 4 -- who insisted that his current job, which he obtained after a nearly two-year bout of unemployment, offers him flexible hours.
This judge ignores the maximum effort that she made while rewarding the minimum effort that he made.'' While Judge Taylor praised Greene for attending the parent interview for his son's kindergarten, going on class trips, and dropping by occasionally to read children a story, Ms. Prost's supporters argued, the judge ignored the testimony of the kindergarten teacher who said Ms. Prost was a ``surrogate room mom.'' Greene got credit for arriving home first, Ms. Prost's lawyers said, but Ms. Prost was not praised for getting up every morning at 5:30 a.m. and playing with her sons before she left for work at 8 a.m. Moreover, Ms. Prost's supporters said, the judge ignored the testimony of a psychiatrist approved by both sides who said the children's primary attachment was to their mother, and failed to take into account that during the nearly two-year period when Greene was unemployed, he did not take care of the children full-time.
Her job as chief minority counsel to the Senate Judiciary Committee, she said, forced her to work late only a few times a year, chiefly during Supreme Court confirmation hearings for Clarence Thomas and Ruth Bader Ginsburg.
She asserted that the Senate day care logs proved only that Ms. Prost was ``showboating'' by leaving early during the custody battle.
While the narrow measure of money has increased about 6 percent during the past year, the broader money supply measure has expanded by only about 2 percent.
Shelton, who acknowledged that U.S. troops ``would have had a different set of rules'' in an invasion, inadvertently underscored the difficulties of making the transition during a briefing in Port-au-Prince on Monday.
Oilers owner Bud Adams has said that he will not make a coaching change during the season.
With Reinsdorf the architect of the plan, the owners changed from a simple majority of 15 to a three-fourths vote of 21 the required number of owners needed to ratify an agreement reached during a strike.
The only other time they held together this long was during the 50-day strike in 1981, but the glue then was their strike insurance.
``But we've never had a bear market for rates, and a bear market in terms of new mortgage production and a bear market in terms of investor attitude toward the product.'' The mortgage-backed market is not responsible for all the damage during a troubling year on Wall Street that abruptly ended several years of record earnings.
``And where they're not.'' CBS has long been convinced that the increasingly fractious television environment requires promotional measures beyond spots during its own programming.
The dispute began during the Chiefs' mini-camp when Casillas practiced only sporadically.
The unanswered question is: will we continue to rescind and modify outdated laws and regulations in order to permit banks to serve the needs of their customers?'' Greenspan issued similar warnings during the Bush administration, which tried unsuccessfully to persuade Congress to pass interstate banking legislation and remove other restrictions on banks.
Among the things Nick Price and Fred Couples proved Sunday during their riveting singles match -- won by Couples with a memorable birdie at the 18th hole -- was that animosity is not a necessary ingredient for dramatic match play.
And, despite the lopsided final score of 20-12, there was plenty of that during the matches.
It was a clubby little gathering played in front of a small audience during football season.
If anyone was interested in what was going on during the 1983 Ryder Cup matches at PGA National in Palm Beach Gardens, Fla., he did a good job concealing it.
Cuomo said it had not been a mistake to raise the tax on utilities during the recession, comparing it to other taxes that were raised during bad times only to be lowered this year.
I think he has to be taken care of, and I think that situation will be taken care of.'' Riley also responded to criticism that he should have given more playing time to reserves, particularly Rolando Blackman, Anthony Bonner and Herb Williams during the playoffs.
Nationally, wine sales dropped by 6.7 percent during 1993, the commission reported.
Sales in Washington of wines produced outside the state were virtually flat during the fiscal year.
The expansion will add 45 morning and 265 afternoon car trips during rush-hour in addition to pass-by traffic, the city's report said.
He related a dramatic moment during the weekend talks when Gen.
What followed, Carter said, was a chaotic few minutes during which Haitian rulers accused the Clinton emissaries of pulling ``a trick'' to keep them occupied while U.S. forces began the assault.
But if they were laid off, they would receive up to 80 percent of their salary during one year of retraining.
NEW GUIDELINES TO TAME RAMBO-STYLE LAWYERS  (BC-LAWYERS-MANNERS-425&ADD-SFCHRON) In one recent exchange, Texas litigator Joe Jamail told opposing counsel during a deposition that he could ``gag a maggot off a meat wagon.'' The flamboyant Jamail may be an extreme example, but in law offices across the country, attorneys seem to be losing their manners -- badgering witnesses, requiring needless depositions, missing meetings and making themselves impossible to reach.
But you don't have to be a slob or a brute -- you can be polite and even cooperate.'' ABTL has written 14 guidelines that, among other things, require participating lawyers to act courteously, even when the client wants a Rambo-style approach; to be punctual for meetings; and to behave as if a judge is present during depositions and other out-of-court meetings.
On Saturday, her son's 10th birthday, Cedras' wife, Yannick Prosper, told her husband that she would rather die with her children during an American invasion than see her husband forced from power.
He set the clock ticking: unless Haiti's leaders stepped down, he wanted the military to be prepared to launch an invasion during the week beginning Sept.
The new agreement ends that scandal, which Giuliani emphasized during his 1993 election campaign against Mayor David Dinkins.
The Justice Department recently charged Nelson with violating the civil rights of Yankel Rosenbaum, the Hasidic scholar who was fatally stabbed during the four days of violence that engulfed Crown Heights in August 1991.
On Saturday, her son's 10th birthday, Cedras' wife, Yannick Prosper, told her husband that she would rather die with her children during an American invasion than see her husband forced from power.
He set the clock ticking: unless Haiti's leaders stepped down, he wanted the military to be prepared to launch an invasion during the week beginning Sept.
His idea of capitulating to Knight was agreeing to chew his food with his mouth closed during timeouts.
He cut his teeth -- and chipped those of others -- during his term on the Dream Team at the 1992 Olympics in Barcelona.
But during similar operations in Grenada and Panama, Rangers were the first troops sent in to seize airports and key military facilities, permitting the rapid entry of paratroopers and infantry units.
DEATH SENTENCE OVERTURNED FOR OBESE INMATE SEATTLE  (BC-FAT-HANGING-SPI) A federal judge ruled Monday that obese convicted killer Mitchell Rupe may not be sent to the gallows, saying the polygraph of a key witness was improperly barred during Rupe's sentencing and that hanging the 409-pound man carried too great a risk of decapitation.
Two experts told Zilly during a July hearing that the witness' answers suggested he was lying about his involvement in the robbery.
The polygraph results could not be admitted during the guilt-or-innocence phase of Rupe's trial, Zilly said, but different rules apply in the penalty phase.
First-round selections during Hecker's tenure include Ken Norman, Danny Manning, Hersey Hawkins (involved in a three-way trade for Charles Smith and Gary Grant) and Loy Vaught but also several ill-fated picks: Reggie Williams, Joe Wolf, Danny Ferry, Bo Kimble, LeRon Ellis and Randy Woods.
``Whitey indicated during the summer that he was not interested in returning to Kansas City as a manager,'' Robinson said.
When Simpson's attorneys left the courtroom during the lunch recess Shirley Stanley ran into the street to avoid the onslaught of TV cameras and reporters, and almost got hit by oncoming cars in the process -- all for an autograph.
She handed Shapiro's chauffeur two pictures of the attorney taken during past court hearings and asked him to have Shapiro sign them.
Clearing the way for Simpson's trial to begin next week, Superior Court Judge Lance Ito on Monday upheld an earlier ruling that Los Angeles police acted properly when they found bloody evidence during a warrantless search of Simpson's Brentwood estate in the hours after the June 12 slayings.
When Simpson's attorneys left the courtroom during the lunch recess Shirley Stanley ran into the street to avoid the onslaught of TV cameras and reporters, and almost got hit by oncoming cars in the process -- all for an autograph.
She handed Shapiro's chauffeur two pictures of the attorney taken during past court hearings and asked him to have Shapiro sign them.
Deputy District Attorney Marcia Clark disclosed in court Monday that police obtained a search warrant to seize the documents first seen during an Aug.
I awoke cured of the writer's block that had plagued me during the day.
He then used those notes, clearly written and organized, during the class's open-book final.
``While it is impossible to say,'' she writes in her forward, ``because of the lack of concrete evidence, that Dickinson was never involved with a man during her peak poetry-writing years, it is also impossible to say, in view of the evidence that does exist, that she was not a passionate lover of women ...
By ``The Snapper's'' dramatic end, a soon-to-be granddad (Colm Meaney) realizes it's more important to support his daughter during her time of need than to worry about what the neighbors are saying.
In observance of 40 years of glossy coverage, Sports Illustrated rated the 40 most significant personalities during its watch, including a horse (Secretariat) but not a single model in an invisible swimsuit.
I awoke cured of the writer's block that had plagued me during the day.
He then used those notes, clearly written and organized, during the class's open-book final.
``While it is impossible to say,'' she writes in her forward, ``because of the lack of concrete evidence, that Dickinson was never involved with a man during her peak poetry-writing years, it is also impossible to say, in view of the evidence that does exist, that she was not a passionate lover of women ...
By ``The Snapper's'' dramatic end, a soon-to-be granddad (Colm Meaney) realizes it's more important to support his daughter during her time of need than to worry about what the neighbors are saying.
In observance of 40 years of glossy coverage, Sports Illustrated rated the 40 most significant personalities during its watch, including a horse (Secretariat) but not a single model in an invisible swimsuit.
``Criminals don't deserve their own bill of rights.'' One of the witnesses who testified during hearings on anti-crime legislation was Kelly Rudiger, executive director of the Doris Tate Crime Victims Bureau in Sacramento.
Despite the passionate rhetoric, Currie said, California's penal system has become increasingly punitive during the past 20 years.
In my case it has relieved a huge burden on me.'' The organization Rudiger heads received almost half of the $38,979 it spent during its most recent fiscal year from the Correctional Peace Officers Association, according to public records.
The union has contributed $20,000 to the Kevin Collins Foundation of San Francisco during the last four years.
MORE TESTS ORDERED IN DEATH OF CHAMPION YACHTSMAN SAN FRANCISCO  (BC-SAILOR-DEATH-HNS) An autopsy has failed to pinpoint the cause of death of world champion yachtsman Larry Klein, who perished in the San Francisco Bay during a weekend yacht race.
The 42-year-old Klein, of San Diego, died when he and six other crewmen were pitched into the waters of the Bay on Saturday during the 31st annual Perpetual Trophy Regatta, also known as the Big Boat series.
Five of the sailors, including an unconscious Klein, were picked up by another boat, the X-Dream, which was close behind the Twin Flyer during the race.
A Coast Guard spokesman said none of the crew wore life jackets, but said that isn't unusual during races where other boats are nearby and can pick up anyone who goes over the side.
You need someone to tell you that it takes nothing from you that your 45-year-old friend, who was asked to show her ID at a bar during her college reunion, has just been named department head for her corporation; and you need someone to tell you that it doesn't diminish you when the clerk in the market -- who reminds you of your old science teacher -- examines your driver's license and says, ``Wow, I didn't think anyone was older than me.'' That's when you need a Tandy handy.
It was finished under Clement XII (1730-40), but as early as 1587 Sixtus V began living there during the hot Roman summer months.
Or the Valley, Wash., rancher whose finger was trapped in a toilet fitting hole during a repair project?
``That episode in her life was painful, but paled by comparison with the shame and humiliation she felt with the abuse she encountered during her adolescence,'' Ungerleider said.
``The more I watch the show, I realize you guys do an incredible amount of comedy, and stuff that is produced, that is very high level,'' Letterman told a beaming O'Brien in February during a guest appearance on ``Late Night.'' ``And the volume and quality of the stuff just knocks me out.'' To be sure, other forces have conspired to keep the 31-year-old O'Brien on the air.
Fidgety and visibly uncomfortable during his initial outings last September, he has begun to settle into a more confident, self-deprecating persona that is equal parts silly and quick-witted.
He died in a room filled with strangers -- prison officials, state attorneys and reporters -- and two ministers who had befriended him during his record-short stay on Death Row.
The judge at his 1993 trial and the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals found no evidence that Lott was mentally incompetent, although he did not present much of a defense and acted strangely during his trial, making obscene remarks about prosecutors and refusing to shed his prison garb.
Working through nonprofit organizations during a trade embargo against Haiti's military dictatorship, USAID has ``been feeding 1 million Haitians a day,'' Clark said.
Clark, the USAID official, said she had not heard what sort of economic package might have been discussed during negotiations by former President Jimmy Carter that led to the decision by Haiti's military leaders to step down and allow the reinstallation of Aristide.
	To be sure, the Assembly's actions on the 157 items on its agenda carry no force of law, but positions taken here during the next three months bear enormous moral weight throughout the world and have great impact on the all-important votes of the 15-member Security Council.
Many of the qualities which maddened Americans during his 1977-1981 presidency have become virtues.
Many of the qualities which maddened Americans during his 1977-1981 presidency have become virtues.
Guns are killing us.'' 	LOS ANGELES (NYT) -- The attorney's who are prosecuting O.J. Simpson appear to have pared the scope of their murder case against him to a simple scenario: After killing his former wife in front of her condomimium, Mr. Simpson then slashed the throat of Ronald Goldman, who happened upon the scene, during a vicious struggle.
	``There was only one intended target and that was Nicole Brown,'' Marcia Clark, the lead prosecutor said during a pretrial hearing on Monday, ``When Ron Goldman showed up that was something the defendant didn't bargain for and there was obviously a struggle.'' 	To Simpson's defense, Ms. Clark's theory doesn't make sense.
	Although his enduring songs are legion -- the Oscar-winning ``Three Coins in the Fountain,'' ``Diamonds Are a Girl's Best Friend,'' ``Everything's Coming Up Roses,'' to mention a few -- his name was less familiar than his music.
Historically, strikes have been about leverage, whether it's the automaker walking off the job during the height of a production cycle; or the second baseman imagining that public and financial pressures would force his team's owner to capitulate.
And in some ways they were, what with average salaries of $1.2 million, minimum salaries of $109,000 and a string of union victories during the '70s and '80s -- a time when much of organized labor was heading for the hills.
Team owners, whose participation during the impasse has been, with rare exception, anything but accommodating, will be grilled this week when a Senate panel takes up baseball's outrageous 72-year-old antitrust exemption.
The Texas trip is being launched during the 50th anniversary of Big Bend's status as a national park.
The Texas trip is being launched during the 50th anniversary of Big Bend's status as a national park.
Historically, strikes have been about leverage, whether it's the automaker walking off the job during the height of a production cycle; or the second baseman imagining that public and financial pressures would force his team's owner to capitulate.
And in some ways they were, what with average salaries of $1.2 million, minimum salaries of $109,000 and a string of union victories during the '70s and '80s -- a time when much of organized labor was heading for the hills.
Team owners, whose participation during the impasse has been, with rare exception, anything but accommodating, will be grilled this week when a Senate panel takes up baseball's outrageous 72-year-old antitrust exemption.
POLITICAL SUBTEXT IN A FAIRY TALE FROM A FEMINIST  (BC-BEMBERG-FILM-2TAKES-$ADV25-NYT) Maria Luisa Bemberg's greatest fear during the making of her new film, ``I Don't Want to Talk About It,'' which opens Friday, was that she would humiliate her leading lady.
merely says that what we would like to see is the return to the kind of government and values we had during the Eisenhower administration of the 1950s,'' Robertson declared.
FIRST-INTERSTATE (Los Angeles)  (BC-BUSINESS-LADN) First Interstate Bancorp said Tuesday it will cut 1,200 jobs nationwide during the next 18 months, in part because the proposed interstate banking bill would allow companies to consolidate their operations.
Bowlin told oil industry analysts during a meeting last week in New York.
Historically, strikes have been about leverage, whether it's the automaker walking off the job during the height of a production cycle; or the second baseman imagining that public and financial pressures would force his team's owner to capitulate.
Powell modestly acknowledges the success of his officer-to-officer appeal to Haitian leaders' ``sense of honor'' and ``sense of what is right and what is wrong at this particular point in their history'' during what he described as ``long and painful conversations'' with ``a lot of emotion in the room.'' But a close associate said Tuesday that Powell did not join Clinton's team of emissaries to Haiti ``for any political motives.'' ``He was hoping the delegation could avert any kind of military confrontation, which has been done,'' the associate said.
Selected as one of 18 White House fellows out of 3,000 applicants during the Nixon administration, the Army officer came to the attention of Caspar Weinberger, Frank Carlucci and Fred Malek during his assignment at the Office of Management and Budget.
Powell modestly acknowledges the success of his officer-to-officer appeal to Haitian leaders' ``sense of honor'' and ``sense of what is right and what is wrong at this particular point in their history'' during what he described as ``long and painful conversations'' with ``a lot of emotion in the room.'' But a close associate said Tuesday that Powell did not join Clinton's team of emissaries to Haiti ``for any political motives.'' ``He was hoping the delegation could avert any kind of military confrontation, which has been done,'' the associate said.
Selected as one of 18 White House fellows out of 3,000 applicants during the Nixon administration, the Army officer came to the attention of Caspar Weinberger, Frank Carlucci and Fred Malek during his assignment at the Office of Management and Budget.
JOHN RIVETS WITH SENTIMENTAL `YOUR SONG,' EVERYONE'S SONGS LOS ANGELES  (BC-ELTON-REVIEW-LADN) With nearly 30 albums under his belt, it figures Elton John would have to forgo a few favorite tunes during his two-hour near-solo engagement Monday at the Greek Theatre.
Every time Cooper hit a gong, kettle drum, snare or conga, he twisted up his face in one of those expressions of joy, agony and redemption that hard-rock guitar players use during a solo.
AN UNSEEN HAND MAKES WAY FOR THE MAESTRO NEW YORK  (BC-MUSIC-LIBRARIAN-2TAKES-$ADV25-NYT) On the desk in John Grande's unspacious basement office at the Metropolitan Opera, in a file folder that happened to be open during a recent visit there, is a list of the current Met abridgements for Rossini's ``Barbiere di Siviglia.'' It gives the page and measure numbers for each cut (explaining whatever musical changes may be required to bridge the gap) as found in the Schirmer edition of the vocal score.
The orchestral personnel in the pit often shifts long after rehearsals have ended; new singers and even conductors come and go during a run of performances, so the player's confidence in the page before him or her must be absolute.
YET ANOTHER EVOLUTION FOR `SINGIN' IN THE RAIN'  (BC-CANBY-THEATER-(2TAKES)-$ADV25-NYT) Something quite surprising happens during the first-act finale of ``Singin' in the Rain,'' which is being given an enthusiastic, glitzy revival at the Paper Mill Playhouse in Millburn, N.J. It's not because the audience applauds the gracefully cascading rain that drenches the set in which the hero sings and dances the title tune.
Yet something even more important occurs during the first-act finale at the Paper Mill Playhouse: the realization that ``Singin' in the Rain,'' which began life (and continues to exist) as the classic 1952 MGM musical, has become an entertainment continuum.
It remains one of the most enduring works of everyone concerned with it, especially Gene Kelly and Stanley Donen, who together directed and choreographed it, and the stars: Kelly, Debbie Reynolds, Donald O'Connor and Jean Hagen.
Though three out of four Haitians earn their living through farming, the country was unable to feed itself even during Aristide's brief tenure in office three years ago.
``Stalin really just ate what he was given,'' he said during the tour.
After much to-ing and fro-ing during which, Gross said, both Random House and the Hensons tried to persuade a stubborn Powers to re-interview people and re-cast his conclusions, Random House finally told Powers in January that it was not going to publish the book.
A vision in Beaton's deliriously fanciful outfits, she also shines as an inspired comic actress: the Ascot sequence, during which Eliza Doolittle's imperfectly ladylike manners yield some great gaffes, remains a hilarious high point of the film.
On the second day of the ground war during the Gulf War, Shelton was assistant division commander of the 101st Airborne Division (Air Assault).
Charles Dolan from Cablevision has never forgiven Gutkowski for standing up to him during the Great Cable War of 1988-89.
After much to-ing and fro-ing during which, Gross said, both Random House and the Hensons tried to persuade a stubborn Powers to re-interview people and re-cast his conclusions, Random House finally told Powers in January that it was not going to publish the book.
Most of them flourished during segregation and then withered and died when integration arrived.
She explained that without ovulation, less estradiol would be released during the menstrual cycle and no progesterone would be produced during the second half of the cycle.
``Now we want to find out whether there is diminished hormone production in active women, even if they continue to ovulate during every cycle,'' she said.
Hugh Shelton, the field commander for Operation Uphold Democracy, said Haitian soldiers would be entrusted with policing internal strife during the transition to democracy.
The Assembly's actions on the 157 items on its agenda carry no force of law, but positions taken here during the next three months carry international weight and affect the votes of the 15-member Security Council.
``I think these Aristide supporters thought the Americans would protect them.'' As pockets of onlookers grew into large crowds during the past two days, watching sometimes transformed into demonstrating.
Bowlin told oil industry analysts during a meeting earlier this month in New York.
Last month the company said it would cut capital spending by 36 percent to $9.2 billion as it shifts focus from Alaska to overseas projects during the next five years.
This reverses the steady erosion of his approval rating during the spring and summer, but it still leaves the public closely split over his performance, with 45 percent approving and 49 percent disapproving.
And in some parts of the country, a heavy rain during a movie can cause the picture to freeze on a single frame for several minutes, or disappear altogether.
``Oil has been produced out of the Caspian Sea since the early part of the century, so there is a culture of oil production and some infrastructure exists.'' He said that the group would seek to bring 80,000 to 90,000 barrels into production daily during the first few years, which may be carried to export markets by existing pipelines.
It shows that the news-management policies that took root in the Reagan-Bush years and reached their full propagandistic flower during Operation Desert Storm are still in place at the Pentagon.
In the Persian Gulf, there was a news blackout during the invasion of Iraq.
Even though the company never fully owned up to its reck-lessness during the trial, and seemed in conflict over whether to defend or condemn the vessel's captain, Joseph Hazelwood, its furious reaction to the verdict demonstrates an acute awareness that the company has been badly stung.
Asked why the housekeeper who discovered the body and emergency personnel who went to the scene Sunday afternoon had not noticed the presence of carbon monoxide that was so apparent to investigators the next day, Betts, noting that the various heating and air conditioning systems went on and off at different times, suggested that the level of carbon monoxide fumes in the cottage fluctuated from time to time during the day.
It was like Scott was standing back and finding the characters enduring rather than tragic.'' McPherson's only other full-length play, ``'Til the Fat Lady Sings,'' also depicted an eccentric, divided family seeking reconciliation.
He also wrote a one-act, titled ``Scraped.'' In program notes for an early production of ``Marvin's Room,'' McPherson revealed that, like the characters in ``Marvin's Room,'' he had experienced his share of illness and dying during his boyhood in Ohio.
FIRST INTERSTATE ANNOUNCES FURTHER JOB CUTS LOS ANGELES  (BC-FIRST-INTERSTATE-LADN) First Interstate Bancorp will slash 1,200 jobs nationwide during the next 18 months with many of the cuts coming through layoffs, officials said.
The law also would let companies like First Interstate, which has operations in 13 western states, consolidate multistate subsidiaries during the next three years.
The cuts come as First Interstate has rebounded strongly from severe loan troubles during the California recession.
Styne's enduring songs are legion, among them the Oscar-winning ``Three Coins in the Fountain,'' as well as ``I Don't Want to Walk Without You,'' ``Diamonds Are a Girl's Best Friend,'' ``Everything's Coming Up Roses.'' But his name was always less familiar than his music.
Styne's enduring songs are legion, among them the Oscar-winning ``Three Coins in the Fountain,'' as well as ``I Don't Want to Walk Without You,'' ``Diamonds Are a Girl's Best Friend,'' ``Everything's Coming Up Roses.'' But his name was always less familiar than his music.
An executive familiar with the operations of Kazarian's Rhode Island investment firm, Japonica Partners, who spoke only on condition of anonymity, said Japonica had been put off for nearly four months by Borden, during which time it sent at least 10 letters to Borden in its attempts to be a friendly suitor.
And in some parts of the country, a heavy rain during a movie can cause the picture to freeze on a single frame for several minutes, or disappear altogether.
Macy's has sponsored a parade in Manhattan every year for the last 70 years, except for two years during World War II when there was a helium shortage.
The gap grew sharply in the 1960s and 1970s before leveling off during much of the next decade.
He added 9 more points in 15 playoff games during the team's Cinderella run to the semifinal round.
``On the ice, when he wasn't there during the playoffs along the boards, we missed his strength as well.'' Flatley, who joined the team after the 1984 Olympics and participated in the Islanders' last Stanley Cup final that season, was perhaps closer than any other current player to Al Arbour.
SONGS: I Don't Want to Walk Without You/1942, with Frank Loesser I've Heard That Song Before/1943, with Sammy Cahn I'll Walk Alone/1944, with Sammy Cahn Saturday Night (Is the Loneliest Night in the Week)/1944, with Sammy Cahn I Fall in Love Too Easily/1945, with Sammy Cahn It's Been a Long, Long Time/1945, with Sammy Cahn Five Minutes More/1946, with Sammy Cahn The Things We Did Last Summer/1946, with Sammy Cahn I Still Get Jealous/1947, with Sammy Cahn Papa, Won't You Dance With Me/1947, with Sammy Cahn Time After Time/1947, with Sammy Cahn It's Magic/1948, with Sammy Cahn A Little Girl From Little Rock/1949, with Leo Robin Bye, Bye, Baby/1949, with Leo Robin Diamonds Are a Girl's Best Friend/1949, with Leo Robin Three Coins in the Fountain/1954, with Sammy Cahn Just in Time/1956, with Betty Comden and Adolph Green The Party's Over/1956, with Betty Comden and Adolph Green Long Before I Knew You/1956, with Betty Comden and Adolph Green Everything's Coming Up Roses/1959, with Stephen Sondheim Small World/1959, with Stephen Sondheim You'll Never Get Away From Me/1959, with Stephen Sondheim Let Me Entertain You/1959, with Stephen Sondheim Make Someone Happy/1960, with Betty Comden and Adolph Green Fade Out, Fade In/1964, with Betty Comden and Adolph Green Don't Rain on My Parade/1964, with Bob Merrill People/1964, with Bob Merrill BROADWAY SHOWS High Button Shoes, 1947 Gentlemen Prefer Blondes, 1949 Two on the Aisle, 1951 Hazel Flagg, 1953 Peter Pan, 1954, with music also by Mark Charlap Bells Are Ringing, 1956 A Party With Betty Comden and Adolph Green, 1958 Say Darling, 1959 Gypsy, 1959 Do Re Mi, 1960 Subways Are for Sleeping, 1961 Funny Girl, 1964 Fade Out, Fade In, 1964 Hallelujah, Baby! 1967 Darling of the Day, 1968 Look to the Lilies, 1970 Sugar, 1972 Lorelei, 1974 One-Night Stand, 1980, closed during previews The Red Shoes, 1993 
The state would gain 940,000 jobs during the next three years if not for losses in defense and supporting industries, the report said.
Ferguson says that an injury to his left eye, which occurred during a beating by fellow inmates at the Nassau County jail in March, has caused him so much pain that he cannot assist in his defense or submit to a psychiatric examination.
In 1991, three Loomis guards were shot to death during a robbery at a Vallejo warehouse.
If you call a win over its enduring neighborhood patsy San Jose State cause for celebration, that is.
You spend 24 hours a day during the season, always thinking what you can do.
Friends and relatives of the 32-year-old victim claimed Goodman physically abused her during the couple's on-again, off-again romance, and that a battery case against Goodman went unprosecuted.
There was self-motivation from players then, just as there is now.'' Added Johnston: ``The key for any coach is that when there is a perceived `crisis,' he takes it on his shoulders and takes the pressure off the team.'' Switzer's shoulders remained unburdened during his news conference Tuesday.
She said reports of white bison births come in with regularity during calfing season, ``but we don't usually get very excited about it.'' Most frequently, a white animal will either be a albino -- and albinos occur in all animals -- or a cross between cattle and a bison, which sometimes produces a light colored animal.``But, after talking to the owners, I have a feeling that this is the real thing.
The origin of the piggy bank goes back to pygg, a dense orange clay that was used extensively to make household utensils during the middle ages.
South Carolina started flying the Confederate flag, in addition to its state flag, above its Capitol in 1962 during the era of school desegregation.
George Wallace had it hoisted above the Capitol dome in Montgomery also during this era, but it was removed a couple of years ago when that state's Capitol underwent renovations.
A: Fairchild's Dictionary of Fashion says it is a Moroccan man's garment worn during bad weather.
They should be given a medal for bravery for the chemotherapy.'' Because the disease hits many women during menopause, symptoms often are dismissed as a natural part of aging.
Many of the qualities which maddened Americans during his 1977-1981 presidency have become virtues.
Many of the qualities which maddened Americans during his 1977-1981 presidency have become virtues.
Many of the qualities which maddened Americans during his 1977-1981 presidency have become virtues.
Many of the qualities which maddened Americans during his 1977-1981 presidency have become virtues.
Thus, the operatically brooding spiritual ``Mis'ry's Comin' Aroun','' cut to a sliver during tryouts in 1927, has been reinstated in full, to be heard for the first time in New York; and a dialogue scene written for the 1936 film version has been interpolated to strengthen continuity.
Julie, unmasked as part black during a rehearsal, is virtually driven off the Cotton Blossom.
Depending what generation one grew up in, America is said to have lost its innocence in the Crash of 1929 or the Great Depression, maybe in World War II or the red-menace witch-hunts that followed, or sometime during the '60s.
History has outlined the screenplay, but Redford and scenarist Paul Attanasio have telescoped the several years of scandal into a breathtakingly efficient matter of months, during which: -- A vengeful Stempel seeks to expose the scam, even if it means humiliating himself.
``Origins of Impressionism,'' which opens Tuesday in New York at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, surveys what they accomplished during those years.
You can't do much about the weather, but you can keep your plant well watered during periods when rain is minimal, and maintain a summer mulch to help conserve soil moisture.
Raoul Cedras in command of Haiti's military and police forces during the interim and did not require that he leave the country after he relinquishes his office.
For the leadership she has shown in helping others join American society, KQED and the San Francisco Examiner are honoring Linares during Hispanic Heritage Month.
Created by former ``St. Elsewhere'' writer-producer John Masius (perhaps during an out-of-body experience), ``Touched by an Angel'' opens with Monica hearing the good news from motherly angel dispatcher Tess (Della Reese) that she's been promoted from ``search and rescue'' (``You did a good job with that 747'') to ``case worker.'' Now, Monica gets to take human form (in a diaphanous dress with no slip) and travel around saving people in danger and comforting those in despair.
The resistance is kept at arm's length and called ``terrorists''! That is like calling the French resistance ``terrorist'' during Hitler's occupation.
Robert, Charles and Max grew up during the 1940s and '50s as dweebs, misfits and artists of surpassing promise.
By Tamar Lewin 	NAZI-DEPORT (Washington) -- Federal prosecutors filed suit in Boston on Wednesday to strip U.S. citizenship from an 87-year old man they said led a Lithuanian secret police unit that engaged in savage anti-Jewish atrocities during World War II.
But so are Foley's other competitors: Mondale for his diplomatic grace during a tense era of U.S.-Japanese relations, and Bentsen for his effectiveness on economic issues.
At the Ormonds club here recently, some 30 male and female Marc Bolan impersonators mingled with a packed house during the Marc Bolan Liberation Front's annual commemoration of the singer's death.
	WASHINGTON (NYT) -- Federal prosecutors filed suit in Boston Wednesday to strip United States citizenship from an 87-year old man they said led a Lithuanian secret police unit that engaged in savage anti-Jewish atrocities during World War II.
``I always tried to bear down in competition,'' he once said during his physical therapy, ``but I never had to put out quite as hard as I do in this exercising.'' Much of Stokes' medical bills were paid by Ohio workman's compensation, but his Royals teammate, Jack Twyman, became his legal guardian in order to supervise additional income, such as the Maurice Stokes benefit game, which attracted Wilt Chamberlain and Oscar Robertson, among others, to Kutsher's in the Catskills each Summer.
The most he loses during a race is two or three pounds.
Injured Bien Bien to Retire Bien Bien, one of the most accomplished turf runners in America, cracked the cannon bone in his right foreleg during a workout at Santa Anita last Saturday and will be retired to a second career as a stallion.
Aung San Suu Kyi smiling in a photograph taken during the meeting in the No. One Defense Services Guest House.
Guarded by the Secret Service, Aristide receives visitors and holds meetings virtually non-stop during business hours.
``Baby Doc'' fled Haiti during a revolt in early 1986, but Aristide's impassioned sermons outraged the rulers who replaced the Duvaliers.
In 1987, Aristide barely escaped and 13 members of his congregation were killed when Tontons Macoute gunmen attacked during Sunday Mass.
RULES FOR ADS ON RADIO EASE  (BC-RADIO-AD-RULES-NYT) The radio industry has won some long-sought relief from requirements that advertising for leasing disclose all the ``fine print'' during its time on the air.
A provision of the interstate banking bill signed into law by President Clinton earlier this month revises the rules for advertising leases on the radio, allowing stations to provide toll-free telephone numbers during the ads that consumers can call for additional information and leasing details.
Tossed into prison during the Spanish Inquisition, Miguel de Cervantes y Saavedra, the author of ``Don Quixote,'' enlists his menacing fellow inmates in a staging of his novel-in-progress, hoping to dissuade them from stealing and destroying the manuscript he brought with him.
It works like this: Eisenberg ``steno-writes'' the professor's words into a stenograph machine, a device used by court reporters to record testimony during trials.
The 21-year-old from Birmingham, Ala., lost her hearing during an illness at age 1{.
	Carter recalled that the Bush administration had turned him down during the Gulf War, when he sought permission -- at the suggestion of Iraqis, Saudi Arabians and Egyptians -- to negotiate between the Iraqis and Kuwaitis.
	Carter recalled that the Bush administration had turned him down during the Gulf War, when he sought permission -- at the suggestion of Iraqis, Saudi Arabians and Egyptians -- to negotiate between the Iraqis and Kuwaitis.
This way there will be more customers in the units all day.'' Pierce said that 1,000 Arby and Long John Silver's locations could be revamped as dual-restaurant outlets during the next three years.
``In a sense, it's an archeological salvage operation,'' he said during a break under a sun that, already by midmorning, had no mercy.
ACCUSED NAZI COLLABORATOR COULD LOSE U.S. CITIZENSHIP WASHINGTON  (BC-NAZI-DEPORT-525&ADD-NYT) U.S. prosecutors asked a court in Boston Wednesday to strip U.S. citizenship from an 87-year-old man who they said had led a Lithuanian secret police unit that collaborated in anti-Jewish atrocities during World War II.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Lileikis did not try to conceal his identity or his position during the war, and his role with the Lithuanian secret police delayed his admission to the United States.
As a result of the changes, Bangor will most likely avoid the threat of base closure during the 1995 round of hearings, officials said.
Geritol, the venerable iron and vitamin tonic that was a hugely popular, heavily advertised brand during that decade, is portrayed in ``Quiz Show'' almost as negatively as the human miscreants who fixed the NBC program ``Twenty-One,'' which Geritol sponsored.
ut investors' worries about the payoffs from these efforts, at least in Japan, became another jolt during what had already been a bumpy summer.
The events on Tuesday make plain the dilemma facing any force responsible for maintaining public order during the transition from dictatorship to democracy.
``The deployment of our forces there is now going quite well,'' Clinton said during an event at the White House to promote the arts.
But during the coming weeks, we will work to help stop the violence and to begin the process of reconciliation,'' Clinton said.
John McCain, R-Ariz., warned during a debate on a resolution on Haiti that U.S. forces could be drawn into fighting if the violence continues.
At some point during the game between Michigan and Colorado that has suddenly attracted the hot lights, the preseason favorite for the Heisman Trophy should take his rehabilitated right shoulder onto the field at Michigan Stadium and become a factor.
The Superfund proposal before Congress calls for insurers to pay taxes totaling $8.1 billion during 10 years into a special fund to pay for cleaning up about 2,000 badly polluted sites.
For the Knicks to drink champagne in June, they must resolve some key issues during the coming weeks.
In spite of his horrific Game 7 in Houston during the NBA finals, John Starks remains New York's biggest backcourt threat.
``We're delighted with the opportunity and the challenge.'' The award, which will help accelerate changes already being made by the city school system, was announced Wednesday during a private meeting at the Ford Foundation of officials from many of the city's leading foundations and corporate philanthropies.
Per-minute charges for basic cellular calling, the most expensive service, will be 45 cents during peak hours, while Air Touch charges 79 cents.
There's also Monica's brother Ross (David Schwimmer), whose wife has just booted him out and is an emotional basket case; Rachel (Jennifer Aniston), who ran out during her wedding ceremony and begs Monica to take her in even though she wasn't invited to the nuptials; Phoebe (Lisa Kudrow), the spiritually inclined airhead who carries an inappropriately sunny disposition; and neighbors Chandler (Matthew Perry) and Joey (Matt LeBlanc), who tend to think with their groins.
``We're delighted with the opportunity and the challenge.'' The award, which will help accelerate changes already being made by the city school system, was announced Wednesday during a private meeting at the Ford Foundation of officials from many of the city's leading foundations and corporate philanthropies.
A senior official said Clinton had made clear during a 90-minute meeting with top aides Wednesday morning that the White House should take a tougher line.
Peace must flourish in Haiti.'' But senior administration officials said Aristide had remained silent during an hourlong briefing at the Pentagon on Wednesday after Defense Secretary William J.
It was an added attraction during the Monterey Sports Car Grand Prix.
``But most of them got thrown out of court when the judge heard what he was riding.'' Luge road racing will be one of nine sports televised next June during ESPN's Extreme Games in Rhode Island.
She also ran during her college years and has participated in a 5K race, but she hadn't had much experience on the bike, she said.
You talk to each other more during the race,'' she said.
After riding an improperly adjusted bike during college and consequently hurting her knees, Calkins said she was determined to never get on a bicycle again.
He had told the Americans during the meetings that he did not think Cedras and his cronies would leave, that he feared the junta was just stalling for time and that the Americans were not really on his side anyway.
According to the California Workers' Compensation Institute, new claims during the second quarter of 1994 rose about 14.9 percent compared to the previous quarter and about 6.9 percent compared to the same period last year.
Simpson's lawyers doubtlessly will use Ito's assertion that the police were reckless in conducting their searches of Simpson's property to help impeach the credibility of these officers during the trial.
SHORT CIRCUITS PLAGUE POWER PLAY SAN JOSE  (BC-HKN-SHARKS NOTES-SF CHRON) Better production with a man advantage is something coach Kevin Constantine has been stressing during training camp and preseason, and there's obviously still plenty of fine-tuning to be done.
SCOTT RUNNING AGAIN AFTER CANCER SCARE SAN FRANCISCO  (BC-RUN-CALIFORNIA MILE-SF CHRON) ``After Eamonn Coghlan broke the four-minute mile last February (becoming the first person over 40 to do it), I considered retiring,'' the 38-year-old Scott said during a brief stop in San Francisco on Wednesday.
``The doctors say there's a 95 percent chance they got it all.'' Except for the period during which he awaited the results of the biopsy, Scott said he never really was worried about the whole process.
The development is contingent upon casino gambling legislation that is expected to be introduced during the next session of the Texas Legislature, which convenes in January.
Few incidents of violence were reported during the day in contrast to Tuesday, when at least one person was beaten to death by club-wielding Haitian police, two others were reported killed and hundreds were injured.
Look for Rheaume to be with the Devils at some point during the season.
Krim and his wife, Dr. Mathilde Krim, had a room at the White House during the Johnson administration and were on hand when Johnson announced in 1968 that he would not seek re-election -- though the Krims had tried to dissuade him from that decision.
He's a good component on this team.'' Davis said he stayed mostly in the Los Angeles area during his absence and claimed he kept in ``constant contact'' with the team, although coach Art Shell had said Monday that he hadn't spoken to the player in a week.
Sometime during the eight days since USC's last game, Barnum became USC's starter.
From what the fishermen have told him about where the catches were made, he can say that white sharks might be more common around here between April and October or at least they're seen more often during those months.
in New York, which handles such duties as buying time during late-night and prime-time programming, was awarded early-morning and news duties from Ogilvy.
Young & Rubicam in New York, which handles such duties as buying time during certain specials, was awarded cable buying from Ogilvy and sports buying from McCann-Erickson Worldwide.
God bless you.'' Larry Feldman, the attorney for the boy who reached a rumored $15 million settlement with Jackson, said during a Santa Monica news conference that his client decided it would be too traumatic to testify and wants to ``get on with his life.'' Feldman said Jackson's out-of-court settlement of the boy's civil lawsuit had nothing to do with the decision not to testify.
In the case, originally brought by the Bush administration but tried during the Clinton administration, the Justice Department argued that the Piscataway school board had violated federal civil rights law by using racial considerations in dismissing the white teacher while retaining the black teacher.
JUDGE REFUSES TO RULE OUT EVIDENCE IN SIMPSON TRIAL LOS ANGELES  (BC-SIMPSON-TRIAL-LADN) O.J. Simpson's attorneys were unable to convince a judge to throw out damaging evidence Los Angeles police officers seized during searches of Simpson's property -- but gained a minor victory along the way.
They lost one of their best defenders, cornerback Gill Byrd, to a career-ending knee injury during training camp.
``Nothing will prevent him from fulfilling his obligation to the taxpayers, either during the campaign or after he is elected.'' Michael Long, the chairman of the Conservative Party, which has been a strong backer of London since he ran as its candidate for governor four years ago, said he too was surprised by London's statement.
How can he talk about independence?'' In the kind of indirect attack that has angered the Cuomo campaign, McCall also put distance between himself and Cuomo during the debate, mentioning that he had sued him last year and criticizing the state's record in promoting economic development.
Smith said the widow might take the house off the market during the trial.
Underneath the car the radiators did a marginal job of engine cooling, which became apparent during the competition.
7 with a hardening or blocking of the artery of the heart during a checkup for unusual fatigue.
On the other hand, the Rolling Stones' Mick Jagger, 52, appeared as fit as a teen-ager during his band's performance Aug.
  -  -  - One of the enduring images of SWC football in the 1990s came after TCU's victory over Texas in Fort Worth two years ago when some Frog players were among those tearing down the goalposts at Amon Carter Stadium.
``The sweet characters have all the drama, but the (witchy) characters get all the great lines.'' To that end, Spelling met with the ``90210'' writers and producers during the off-season to try to make things more interesting for Donna this year.
Paying off a mortgage seems like an impossible goal when you first finance a house and see that amortization schedule of principal and interest, which for even a 15-year note is a sheet more than three feet long with rows and columns of big numbers -- the kind of big numbers that accountants whisper to each other during lovemaking.
``I can afford everything now, but I don't know what's going to happen,'' he said during a break from laying an asphalt driveway.
(The film's swift, enjoyably farfetched closing scenes are a sharp reminder of who is the author of this story, after all.) Andy's is the more subdued role, but Robbins plays it intensely, and he ages effectively from wary newcomer to father figure during the story.
He even gets away with one of the film's worst lines, during an argument with his wife: ``Honey, I'm about to cloud up and rain all over you.'' Frank's dialogue is more typical and banal: ``I'm trying to tell your wife I'm in love with her, Joseph.'' Rory Kelly, a first-time director, plays a bit with different styles for different sections, but his choices are often stale.
There are dizzying camera swoops during a fight and many videos that the characters take of each other.
Her exaggerated comic touch breathes some freshness into the film during her few scenes, but she doesn't stick around long.
``I can afford everything now, but I don't know what's going to happen,'' he said during a break from laying an asphalt driveway.
He catches Red's admiring eye for the stoical dignity he shows during his first night in prison, in 1946.
Meetings between Goodenow and NHL commissioner Gary Bettman are giving new meaning to the phrase ``mucking in the corners.'' All we can hope is that the suits dig it out in time to preserve any of the gains pro hockey made during last season's glorious finale.
But instead of debating whether Pavel Bure was worth the money or the San Jose Sharks really were a better team than the Detroit Red Wings, people might be stuck with foggy interpretations of what went on during the day's bargaining sessions.
Bettman learned a lot during his tenure under David Stern in the NBA, especially about marketing a league and making it lucrative for everyone involved.
Each week, Patin plans menus, shops for groceries and spends about three hours in the Gallaghers' home preparing six low-fat entrees that the family will consume during the following week.
And then there was the little matter of the football game scheduled during his play's run.
Clark grew up during World War II in Epsom, ``where they have run the big Epsom Derby,'' she said.
It was during the war.
Waiting in the wings is Wai Tung's lover, Simon (Mitchell Lichtenstein), and serving as the bride is Wei Wei (May Chin), who is attracted to Wai Tung and becomes pregnant during the festivities.
``She excites a lot of emotion,'' Floyd Brown, the political maverick who produced the Willie Horton ads in 1988, said of Elders during an interview Thursday.
Marketing experts say endorsement opportunities for big league players peak during the September pennant drives and in October after the playoffs and World Series.
``She excites a lot of emotion,'' Floyd Brown, the political maverick who produced the Willie Horton ads in 1988, said of Elders during an interview Thursday.
William Sherman, stopping here as he burned towns during the Civil War, uttered the words ``too beautiful to burn'' when he saw the Natchez Trace.
	VILNIUS, Lithuania (NYT) -- In the first public effort by a Lithuanian leader to atone for crimes which Lithuanians committed against Jews during World II, Prime Minister Adolfas Slezevicius appeared on national television Thursday to urge citizens to acknowledge and repent for shameful aspects of their country's history.
Murray's slyest moment comes during the filming of ``Plan 9,'' when he wonders whether he ought to wear antennas on screen.
The stiff back and blisters on his right foot that developed during the course of his fourth-round marathon match with Yzaga are gone.
In addition, reservists who were told not to attend drill the last weekend in September will be allowed to attend an extra drill during the next fiscal year to replace the lost pay.
Former Attorney General William Barr, a staunch conservative who helped Freeh win appointment as a federal judge in 1991 during the Bush administration, said: ``He's been able to take some of the difficult steps that were resisted by the bureau.
But the way Hirsch has played during the exhibition season, the future may be arriving sooner rather than later.
If Hirsch usurps Healy during the exhibition season and becomes the new backup, the Rangers might be forced to trade Healy.
Hirsch did not play another minute during the exhibition season.
He never even sat on the bench during a game.
All are being rested over the winter after logging a high number of innings during the season.
In addition, reservists who were told not to attend drill the last weekend in September will be allowed to attend an extra drill during the next fiscal year to replace the lost pay.
Jackson sensed the club's move toward the future during the preseason, when Dave Brown beat out Kent Graham for the starting nod, partly by finding Calloway open often.
Communications director Mark Gearan, who served as Clinton's spokesman in Washington, D.C., during the 1992 campaign and has responsibility for shaping Clinton's public image, said Panetta ``wants a White House that is efficient, that has clear lines of responsibility with people knowing what their jobs are and with the mission clearly stated.'' Gearan is a candidate for a new job in the administration.
Panetta was asked recently who he most admired as White House chief of staff during his 16 years on Capitol Hill.
Some say it made heroes of Sell, Perkins and the other motorists who helped them during the crisis Friday night in Lee's Summit.
Perkins and Sell were among several eastbound Lee's Summit drivers stopped Friday during rush hour along U.S. 50 near Missouri 291.
The company's share price has fallen more than 20 percent during the summer.
LITHUANIA SHOWING NEW ATTITUDE ON WAR CRIMES AGAINST JEWS VILNIUS, Lithuania  (BC-LITHUANIA-WAR-CRIMES-525&ADD-NYT) In the first public effort by a Lithuanian leader to atone for crimes that Lithuanians committed against Jews during World II, Prime Minister Adolfas Slezevicius appeared on national television Thursday to urge citizens to acknowledge and repent for shameful aspects of their country's history.
In addition, reservists who were told not to attend drill the last weekend in September will be allowed to attend an extra drill during the next fiscal year to replace the lost pay.
Major Prosper Avril.'' Avril seized power during a 1988 military coup, only to be forced out in 1990 by a popular uprising.
``The doctors are insisting that they want a functional recovery of the leg and of their patient.'' That assessment contrasted sharply with comments by Navarro-Valls in August, after the pope seemed to grimace with pain while descending from a platform during a vacation in northern Italy.
In November 1993, the pope fell while descending the steps during an audience at the Vatican and dislocated his right shoulder.
Gerulaitis, who did a bit of giving on the day he died, conducting a charity tennis clinic in East Hampton, N.Y., pulled out all the stops during the United States Open.
When asked about the reports during his regular briefing at the State Department, McCurry was also circumspect.
``The absence of a collective bargaining agreement leaves us no choice,'' Bettman said, reading from prepared remarks during a conference telephone call with reporters.
1 without a new contract would put the ``season at risk'' because management would be vulnerable to a strike during the season, similar to what happened in baseball.
He rose to be an Army captain during World War II and was assigned to the Office of Strategic Services in Washington from 1941 to 1943.
For the most part, the players were recalled from the minor leagues to major league clubs in the week before the players strike began or during the first week of September, when major league rosters could expand from 25 players to 40.
``We will defend all the grievances on the basis that the clubs have the right to minimize their costs during a strike,'' he said.
This led Watt to ask a few tough questions of Selig during a congressional hearing Thursday.
Instead, Eisner has told friends, the growth of the company during the last 10 years required him to decentralize the organization.
``The doctors are insisting that they want a functional recovery of the leg and of their patient.'' That assessment contrasted sharply with comments by Navarro-Valls in August, after the pope seemed to grimace with pain while descending from a platform during a vacation in northern Italy.
In November 1993, the pope fell while descending the steps during an audience at the Vatican and dislocated his right shoulder.
You may not have liked it all, but we're finally getting something done.' '' The rhetoric recalls Clinton's repeated exhortation to voters during his 1992 campaign to ``make change our friend.'' The implication then was that Democrats would improve peoples' lives by throwing out tired old ways while Republicans clung to the status quo.
O'Connor and other clergy said they had such concerns during the pope's recent trip to Croatia, when he was apparently in pain climbing stairs and getting in and out of cars.
``The reason we have the exemption is because, otherwise, the normal activities of the union would be violations of the antitrust laws because they are joining together to fix the cost of labor in the labor market.'' However, Fehr stated time and again during his testimony and the questioning that followed that the players would take their chances in court if the exemption was rolled back.
For that, perhaps, he can thank his benching last year during the AFC championship game.
On March 10, 1993, a doctor, David Gunn, was shot and killed during a demonstration outside an abortion clinic where he worked in Pensacola, Fla.
CLOSING OF BROKERAGE FIRM PROMPTS FALL OF SOME STOCKS NEW YORK  (BC-MARKET-410&ADD-NYT) The closing of a brokerage house Thursday caused the steep fall of some over-the-counter technology stocks during an otherwise dull day when the stock market generally stabilized.
Of the three previous NATO air raids in Bosnia, all limited in scope, two were carried out against Serbian positions at Gorazde during an offensive on the eastern Muslim enclave last April, and the third against a Serbian weapon in the Sarajevo area in early August.
Gulotta, the county executive, during an interview in which he criticized virtually every aspect of Gulotta's seven-year record.
Garamendi, who released the study during a hearing on insurance discrimination held by Clinton administration officials, said he was confident that the final analysis of the figures would show that the state's top 10 insurers were failing to do business in low-income and minority areas.
In one sense, the unseemly struggle between the two men -- or at least their subordinates -- is surprising, since both of them were seared by the vicious infighting during the Carter administration between their boss, Secretary of State Cyrus Vance, and the national security adviser, Zbigniew Brzezinski.
 (BC-SIMPSON-HEARING-2NDTAKE-NYT) Ito's scolding opened the second stage of a hearing that began on Wednesday in which defense lawyers challenged evidence gathered at Simpson's estate during a search on June 28, the second one the police conducted there.
And said he had seized videotape from the TV pilot, ``Frogmen,'' because the police had information that Simpson had been trained during that performance to use a knife ``as a stabbing or killing instrument.'' ``I felt that those scenes that might involve something like that, if on that tape, would be very significant to the investigation,'' the detective said.
Gerulaitis, who did a bit of giving on the day he died, conducting a charity tennis clinic in East Hampton, N.Y., pulled out all the stops during the United States Open.
EX-HOSTAGE TERRY ANDERSON SUES U.S. AGENCIES TO GAIN ACCESS TO FILES  (BC-ANDERSON-SUIT-NYT) Terry Anderson has filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court in Washington to gain access to the files that federal agencies compiled about him during his seven years as a hostage in Lebanon.
In addition, reservists who were told not to attend drill the last weekend in September will be allowed to attend an extra drill during the next fiscal year to replace the lost pay.
``No. 1, we wanted to show the people in our own building,'' Maloney said during a conference call, on his reasons for the trade so close to the start of the season.
Although Maloney would not say it, Hextall looked shaky during drills in camp, as if he had not gotten over the playoff debacle.
Sophie Maslow, one of Graham's dancers, today, during a rehearsal of ``Chronicle.'' (Sara Krulwich/New York Times Photo) 	ADVANCE FOR SUN.
Sophie Maslow, one of Graham's dancers, today, during a rehearsal of ``Chronicle.'' (Sara Krulwich/New York Times Photo) 	ADVANCE FOR SUN.
Sophie Maslow, one of Graham's dancers, today, during a rehearsal of ``Chronicle.'' (Sara Krulwich/New York Times Photo) 	ADVANCE FOR SUN.
Thursday, investigators and prosecutors said they hoped Fitzgerald's reconstruction would ultimately resolve some of the many discrepancies that have arisen during the investigation of those 15 seconds of gunfire and chaos on the evening of Aug.
Crawford, Johnson and Obasi all testified during the trial that they did not know how Obasi's eyes were gouged out.
``It's an adjustment that I'll have to make.'' The women testified during the trial that they fled their home after visiting Benny Morgan, a hoodoo man in Louisiana, on the advice of their father to solve a family conflict.
It is with some agony that Olbermann, the ``SportsCenter'' anchor and amateur historian, suggests ``a litany of mistakes, misinterpretations and historical fudging'' during the first four episodes he's watched of Burnsball.
He was an associate commissioner of the Boston Parks Department during the administration of Mayor Raymond L.
During the '88 and '89 seasons, he bounced in and out of the starting job during a yo-yo competition with Schroeder.
Two weeks ago, during St. John's hard-fought 6-3 victory over Sacred Heart, the Red Storm finished with a plus three in the turnover column, intercepting three passes and recovering one fumble while losing only one fumble.
But, no, Bettman insisted from New York during a conference call with reporters, he would not characterize such an action as a lockout.
It will be difficult and arduous.'' Goodenow, during a conference call from Las Vegas, where he briefed members of the Edmonton Oilers (who were to play an exhibition game against the minor-league Las Vegas Thunder) on the state of negotiations, said Bettman's threat to postpone the start of the season was not ``unexpected.'' ``But we played all last year without a contract to keep the game on track and to build and grow together,'' Goodenow said.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) The Lois/USA offering is a relative novelty for Madison Avenue because many agencies have shunned the stock market during the last decade.
Some officers acknowledged that the TV news was on, but all of them -- and prosecutor Marcia Clark who was on the premises during the search -- said no one watched Simpson's tapes.
``We had received some information that during the preparation for the series he (Simpson) had received some instruction on the use of a knife as a stabbing or cutting instrument.'' Further, Martin said, he took a cap from Simpson's home because it may have contained fibers that matched a cap found at the crime scene.
Clark asserted that officers always are required to use their judgment during searches and that they were justified in what they took during the June 28 search based on information they knew about the case.
Bryant, who said he considers any number greater than seven a solid showing for his receivers, noted that their 13 knockdowns in a 30-28 victory against Pittsburgh in the season opener is the most in a single game during coach John Mackovic's three seasons in Austin.
Both players' one-game suspensions for accepting free use of a rental car for five weeks during the summer.
As a redshirt during the 1992 season, he watched from the stands as TCU stunned Texas, 23-14, and broke a 25-year losing streak in the series.
Lovell got his out during two-a-days,'' Morenz said.
``I don't know what to say about that game,'' said Hopes, who played cornerback that afternoon during the Longhorns' 24-3 victory.
If his next rider can stay for the required eight-second count during tonight's performance, which begins at 8 at Mesquite Arena, he will receive the $20,000 bounty.
Some officers acknowledged that the TV news was on, but all of them -- and prosecutor Marcia Clark who was on the premises during the search -- said no one watched Simpson's tapes.
``We had received some information that during the preparation for the series he (Simpson) had received some instruction on the use of a knife as a stabbing or cutting instrument.'' Further, Martin said, he took a cap from Simpson's home because it may have contained fibers that matched a cap found at the crime scene.
Clark asserted that officers always are required to use their judgment during searches and that they were justified in what they took during the June 28 search based on information they knew about the case.
The Americans, poised one moment to annihilate the Haitian armed forces, are now to work with them in ``close cooperation.'' Days after Clinton had described Haiti's leaders as murderers, rapists and thugs, the Americans are now bound to them by ties of ``mutual respect.'' The last time Carter found such evidence of willingness in Haiti's leaders, it was when they ``performed in a superb fashion'' during the elections of 1990 -- elections whose results they promptly squashed.
The Americans, poised one moment to annihilate the Haitian armed forces, are now to work with them in ``close cooperation.'' Days after Clinton had described Haiti's leaders as murderers, rapists and thugs, the Americans are now bound to them by ties of ``mutual respect.'' The last time Carter found such evidence of willingness in Haiti's leaders, it was when they ``performed in a superb fashion'' during the elections of 1990 -- elections whose results they promptly squashed.
Fuentes tells of spending a night on the bridge of the Pilar, which he had lashed to two bouys during a storm at Puerto Escondido in the early 1950s.
``I liked him from the moment I first met him.'' Their introduction came during a heavy storm in 1928.
This came during the Cuban Revolution.
The walls of La Terraza are lined with photos of Hemingway, Fuentes, several local fishermen and Spencer Tracy taken during the filming of The Old Man and The Sea in Cojimar in 1955.
For two hours, Fuentes puffed and sipped as he told of his days with Hemingway -- when they turned the Pilar into a warship and hunted German submarines off the Cuban coast during World War II, when Hemingway punched out millionare publisher Joseph Knapp in Bimini, when Hemingway coached a local baseball team near Finca Vigia.
100 YEARS OF WORLD CINEMA: `ALL TRUE' REVISITS BEGINNING OF END FOR ORSON WELLES  (BC-ITSALLTRUE-COX) The squandered career of Orson Welles is one of Hollywood's most enduring legends.
It's a stirring saga of hope despite horrifying circumstances, of an enduring friendship forged in the midst of a human purgatory.
Nobody in NFL history managed more catches than Rison during his first five seasons.
Nobody has caught more touchdown passes this season than Rison's five, and during the 1990s, only San Francisco's Jerry Rice has caught more touchdown passes than Rison (55 to 53).
Just like during the middle of the Rams game (in which the Falcons won 31-13 earlier this season after Rison predicted a victory during the week), I started to talk to myself by saying, `Oh, no, Andre.
The point is that Rison functions well in turmoil, especially after he invents these little enemies before, during and after games.
A two-time junior-college All-American, Jackson chose Wisconsin over Tech during last spring's recruiting -- but was immediately unhappy there.
``I can afford everything now, but I don't know what's going to happen,'' he said during a break from laying an asphalt driveway.
The party will send out absentee ballots next month, as it did during the 1990 governor's race, and will field 15,000 volunteers.
At the same time, television viewers who have become accustomed to watching Simpson's court proceedings will have to start reading newspapers: Judge Ito has barred cameras from the courtroom during jury questioning.
Even when quizzed directly, Kallins said, many people answer ``as if they were the person they ideally want to be, or the person they think the judge and the attorneys want them to be.'' Ito can dismiss a person at any point during questioning if there is any indication of bias or if the lawyers can persuade him that the person cannot be impartial.
To him, a mulligan is as natural a part of golf as kicking a ball out from behind a tree and coughing during an opponent's backswing.
The law, passed by the Legislature earlier this year, will cost an annual $5.5 billion to implement -- five times more than the state estimated -- and will consume every dollar of new money the state is expecting to receive during the next six to eight years, according to separate studies released Wednesday.
University and college enrollments are expected to increase by 50 percent during the same six-year period, the center said.
State general fund revenues are expected to increase by about 50 percent during the same period.
The preview party was the hottest ticket in town during the Vreeland years -- 1970s to mid-80s -- and the draw was not only the glittering guests and the brilliant shows.
But he acknowledged that ``one of the roles I play is explaining Haitian reality to international officials and international reality to Haitian officials.'' Barnes learned those realities during his tenure as chairman of the House Foreign Affairs subcommittee on the western hemisphere.
``The schedule at this point is strategic, with the president fulfilling the traditional role of helping to raise money for candidates during the midterm election,'' Deputy White House Press Secretary Ginny Terzano says.
The changes, which have been tested in recent weeks in Torrance, about 15 miles south of downtown Los Angeles, are expected to appear in many of the chain's restaurants during the next month.
The idea for the exhibit was spawned during a 1989 trip to Washington when some Arizona students asked their history teacher, John Calvin, where King had given his famous speech and why there was no marker.
(When Gutierrez Alea became ill during the filming, Juan Carlos Tabio took over some of the scenes.) In tone, it has much in common with Gutierrez Alea's sweetly lyrical ``Letters From the Park,'' based on a Gabriel Garcia Marquez story about a man who writes love letters for other people.
Though we haven't yet seen the shootout during the bungee-jump or the hang-glider hijacking, it's only a matter of time.
said Friday it will more than double its Los Angeles-area offices during the next year because it foresees the California real estate market picking up.
Once untouchable, the feared Port-au-Prince police chief was enduring the emasculating experience of watching the Haitian military's only heavy weapons arsenal destroyed just minutes from his cavernous mansion.
It was saxophonist Benny Carter, during a stay in England in the early 1930s, who encouraged Feather to write and maintained a lifelong friendship with him, as did Duke Ellington, who hired Feather as a press agent.
And, after all, this is just the exhibition season; with 16 teams making the Stanley Cup playoffs, it's difficult enough to be motivated in 84 games during the regular season, let alone games that don't count.
Yet the Rangers' lackluster play so far during a three-game Western road trip left their coach, Colin Campbell, quietly seething after Thursday night's 3-0 loss to the San Jose Sharks in a neutral-site exhibition game in Sacramento, Calif.
``Alex has been disinterested, but I've seen him disinterested during the regular season, so I think I'll give him the benefit of the doubt,'' Campbell said.
This trust has continued to grow during the past 15 years in Kansas City, but this year brought some special insights into the true value of this community resource.
Stevens, said that Glaser ``was centrally involved in every work of the conference and of Reform Judaism during his tenure.'' Glaser played a central role in important positions taken by the conference.
At an outdoor Counting Crows gig over the summer in Irvine, a crowd of young kids yelled and screamed during ``Perfect Blue Buildings,'' which Duritz has described as being about ``how horrifyingly gray and mundane and pointless life in general can be.'' Still, Gillingham admitted, it's hard to keep still for the cheery ``Mr. Jones.'' ``There was a moment on `Saturday Night Live' when we were about to play `Round Here' and I had an epiphany that this one song was about to be played for millions and millions of people,'' Gillingham said.
That was made perfectly clear during a recent outing to the zoo, located inside the 2,100-acre Chapultepec Park.
Unfortunately, the pandas weren't feeling playful during my visit, and several dozen spectators and I left feeling disappointed but vowing to return on another occasion.
That was made perfectly clear during a recent outing to the zoo, located inside the 2,100-acre Chapultepec Park.
Unfortunately, the pandas weren't feeling playful during my visit, and several dozen spectators and I left feeling disappointed but vowing to return on another occasion.
Airlines are attracted to interactive systems because of their promise to entertain passengers during long flights and to raise revenue by charging economy-class passengers for movies and video games and by selling items like silk scarves, perfumes and tickets to sporting events and Broadway shows.
``I don't see anyone looking for easy stuff,'' said Michael McKean during the television summer press tour.
FORD RECALLING CONTOUR, MYSTIQUE SEDANS DUE TO DESIGN DEFECT DETROIT  (BC-FORD-RECALL-NYT) The Ford Motor Co. is recalling its new Contour and Mystique compact sedans because of a design defect that, if uncorrected, could cause a fire during refueling.
Ford engineers found that during fueling, a static electricity charge might be created on a shield attached to the cars' fuel filler pipes.
They are returning refugees, children of more than one million Tutsi who fled Rwanda during widespread massacres of that ethnic minority from 1959 to 1962.
Still, Moscow's enduring influence over its neighbors has spread fear in the West that Russia's ``near abroad'' strategy might be part of a larger effort to somehow reconstitute the political and military might of the former Soviet Union.
Jean-Bertrand Aristide, was ousted from power during a bloody coup three years ago.
John Valentin, the young shortstop of the Boston Red Sox, said Winfield, Murray and Ripken gave the players insight into the years they have played and the union's strength during that time.
Asked if he might have played his last game, he said, ``If it doesn't last over two years, I'll be back.'' Orza did not hide his admiration for Winfield, who during the strike was traded from the Minnesota Twins to the Cleveland Indians.
Noting that Winfield had lost $5,555.55 a day during the 50-day strike in 1981, Orza said that the veteran told him 10 years later: ``I didn't get what I got because people before me broke ranks.
HOLOCAUST MUSEUM'S NEW EXHIBIT ON BALKANS COMES UNDER FIRE WASHINGTON  (BC-HOLOCAUST-MUSEUM-EXHIBIT-NYT) A new photography exhibit on the war in the Balkans that opened Thursday night at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum is drawing criticism from Serbian-American groups and some Jewish organizations who say the exhibit places the museum on the side of groups that persecuted Jews during World War II.
In his 1988 book, ``Wastelands: Historical Truth,'' Tudjman wrote that only about 900,000 Jews were killed during the Holocaust, rather than the widely accepted figure of 6 million.
Serbian-Americans are already upset with the museum, which opened in 1993, because its permanent exhibit contains almost no depiction of the atrocities visited on the Serbs by the Nazis, their Croatian allies known as the Ustasha, and, to a lesser extent, Muslim troops during World War II.
Estimates vary, but most historians believe 300,000 to 400,000 Serbs were killed in the former Yugoslavia during the war, compared to 60,000 Jews and 27,000 Gypsies.
``We had no place to go during the war time and no one to hide us, except for Serbian peasants.
Museum officials said the exhibit does not duck the victimization of the Serbs during World War II or atrocities by Croats and others.
The first panel a visitor to the exhibit confronts addresses the confusing and brutal history of Yugoslavia during the war.
The panel describes the policy of one group of rabidly nationalist Serbs known as Chetniks, who wanted to create a ``Greater Serbia'' that would be ``cleansed of all ethnic minorities.'' The panel also speaks of the Ustasha leaders' desire of ``cleansing society of foreign elements, the Serbs and the Jews.'' Visitors will be given brochures that examine brutalities in Yugoslavia during the war, including Jansenovac, a death camp operated by the Ustasha where at least 70,000 Serbs were exterminated.
``In this exhibit you can see how these long-standing ethnic feuds play themselves out differently during great moments in history; one way today, another 50 years ago,'' said Sara Bloomfield, the museum's associate director for public programs.
One or more local youths -- probably not the children who had played soccer barefoot on the field nor the girls who had practiced their dance numbers on it during its nine evenings of existence -- set fire to the artificial surface, as well as to a stretch of the elaborate wooden fence surrounding the field.
The Big Three are reluctant to hire workers, fearing the pension and health care costs they would have to cover during the inevitable downturn.
CBS was forced to make these moves because it lost its affiliates in both cities earlier this year during a mass defection of stations owned by New World Communications to the Fox network.
Festival organizers anticipate more than 30,000 visitors during the two days, Marsh said.
``My government continues to believe that Belgrade authorities bear primary responsibility for what has happened in the former Yugoslavia during the past three years,'' she said.
Wheatley was the favorite to win the Heisman Trophy before suffering a second-degree separation of his right shoulder during August practice.
In perhaps the most celebrated example of his no-holds-barred style, he once grabbed an opposing lawyer by the knot of his tie during a conference in a judge's chambers and threatened to pummel him.
Plague vaccine ``should only be used for the prevention of plague and not as a means of control during outbreaks,'' the World Health Organization warns.
The televised spectacle of the Senate confirmation hearings on the nomination of Clarence Thomas to the Supreme Court in 1991 when Kennedy, long a champion of women's rights, said little during the debate over Anita F.
``I was always a Kennedy Democrat,'' Vicki Kennedy said during a recent visit to Boston.
Membership in on-line services has grown rapidly during the last year as personal computer sales have expanded.
The testy exchange -- during a campaign in which both men have accused each other of moral inadequacy -- came two days after North had reaffirmed his support for the Confederate flag.
At one point during the day, a spokeswoman said Blech had ``substantial personal assets'' and was working to resume operations by Friday.
Wednesday, Ito allowed all of the evidence obtained during a search of Simpson's estate on June 13, only hours after the bodies of his former wife and Goldman had been discovered about two miles away, outside her condominium.
Police detectives testified earlier that this tape was relevant because during his work on the pilot, which has never been shown, he was instructed on how to use a knife as a weapon.
Hills agreed to pay $600,000 to cover expenses Dickstein Partners incurred during the fight.
And during training camp, McLennan had looked much better than Hextall, making the 30-year-old expendable.
The thought of players practicing on a voluntary basis during a lockout by the owners had some players laughing with sarcasm.
Ronald Reagan, who seldom ventures into intra-party politics, called North a liar for asserting that Reagan had directed him to mislead Congress during the Iran-Contra investigation.
It began with Carter telling The New York Times' Maureen Dowd that he did not talk to State while serving as the nation's top diplomat during the negotiations in Port-au-Prince.
He spent the next eight years overseeing the project, taking pride that it was privately financed during a era when such huge projects were increasingly done with financial help from local governments.
The Federal charges -- that he violated the civil rights of the victim, Yankel Rosenbaum, by stabbing him during the four days of violence in the Brooklyn area -- were brought last month.
If successful, the company plans a national rollout of the system during 1996, Sullivan said.
The company will be able to deliver the services using nationwide broadcast spectrum rights that it won during a July auction conducted by the Federal Communications Commission.
But legal experts questioned whether Ito could justify reversing an earlier order to permit cameras in court during the Simpson trial.
As the uncertainty over the situation had built during the day on Friday, one newsroom staffer said, ``I would be surprised if we didn't stick by our guns.
JUDGE RULES THAT SEARCH, SEIZURE OF SIMPSON EVIDENCE PROPER LOS ANGELES  (BC-SIMPSON-EVIDENCE-LADN) The judge in the O.J. Simpson case ruled that police properly seized a videotape of the TV series ``Frogmen'' and a handwritten note by Nicole Brown Simpson during a June 28 search of the former football star's home.
By questioning officers about their search, she said, the attorneys have gained additional information that may be used against the officers during cross-examination at trial.
If O.J. Simpson does wind up testifying, I bet that somehow, someway, it will be shown live during halftime of the Super Bowl.
I have no problems with (the players),'' said McMaster, who as a high school teacher in Canada once walked a picket line during a strike that lasted six weeks.
``I think we showed how solid we are two years ago (during a 10-day players' strike),'' he said.
``Last year (Bettman) really put it to the refs,'' McSorley said, referring to the decision to use replacements during a 16-day officials' strike.
MITTERRAND'S SWAN SONG PARIS  (BC-FRANCE-REVIEW-NYT) Political rivals and ideological foes though they were, Charles de Gaulle and Francois Mitterrand agreed on one thing -- that it served no purpose to look too closely at France's behavior during its occupation by Nazi Germany.
The wide and enduring appeal of broadcast serial drama -- beginning with radio in the 1920s and then television from 1956 onward -- has for a long time set smart people to thinking, and writing quite a lot.
Nine of the 11 had taken clomiphene, sold under the brand names Clomid and Serophene, and 5 of the 9 had taken the drug during 12 or more monthly cycles.
Prince, like another volunteer who held Walter during his recent shampooing, is part of an experiment in volunteer recruitment.
Penamon laughed when she recalled seeing the two men being pulled by an especially unruly dog during a recent ``socialization'' session.
Six years later, ``Terminal Velocity'' finds Sheen playing Ditch Brodie, a professional skydiving instructor who takes jumpy first-timer Nastassja Kinski up during the first reel and then promptly loses her out an unsecured cargo door.
Gross stuff -- a film director's ear condition told with such unsavory and colorful description, I would rethink eating during chapter five entirely.
Talk of spring training, or the fate of it, or what will happen during it, is premature.
Like the World Series in the previous 89 years, spring training never has been canceled, even during world wars.
The American official also said the administration expected that nearly $1 billion in new American investment in Russia would be announced during the summit.
Yelstin will probably also be watched more closely than usual in Russia after his somewhat puzzling behavior last month in Germany during the final withdrawal of Russian troops.
Just as the Berlin Wall and statues of Lenin came down in recent years, the statue of Hendrik Verwoerd, the prime minister who drew the map of segregation and imposed inferior education on blacks, was wrested from his place in front of the provincial offices of the Orange Free State during a Friday afternoon rush hour.
``You do not know the suffering this single man has brought us.'' It was Verwoerd's police who opened fire on blacks in Sharpeville during a protest in one of apartheid's worst massacres; 67 blacks were killed that day, in March 1960.
Both daughters married comfortably, and Harriman gave them gifts during his lifetime.
Brennan, a brash securities dealer who piloted his helicopter in television ads during the 1980's for his company, First Jersey Securities.
MEXICANS SIGN NEW ACCORD ON ECONOMY MEXICO CITY  (BC-MEXICO-ECON-NYT) A group of Mexico's most powerful business and labor leaders Saturday renewed a pact with the government that will control prices and wages during the coming year.
``It's an arrangement put together for the purpose of guaranteeing tranquillity during the process of political transformation,'' said Francisco Hernandez Juarez, president of the powerful telephone workers' union.
The head of the CIA's Office of Security during those years retains his post, according to several colleagues at the agency.
``It was the hardest case we've ever had to prosecute emotionally.'' O'Brien's lawyer, Connie Williams, said he felt ``there was just a little too much publicity for him to get a fair trial.'' He said that during jury selection more than 150 of about 180 potential jurors who were questioned had heard of the case.
Because the Penas and Ertmans were among the witnesses in all three trials, she said, they were shuffled from courtroom to courtroom, denied the comfort of one another's presence during the gruesome testimony and presentation of vivid photographs and evidence.
``With the utilities, too, I'm sure nothing will happen without military pressure.'' The problem is particularly serious because the Bosnian Serbs appear to have made a decision to pursue this tactic, rather than any bold new offensive, during the next phase of the war.
-- China's Agriculture Ministry revealed this year that more than 100,000 people were poisoned by pesticides and fertilizers used in agriculture during 1992 and 1993.
``You should have seen the size of the fish that were dying,'' he said, ``fish that had lived so many years.'' Ru added: ``There were more than 10,000 fish floating here during the period of the pollution.
``Based on the massive amount and nature of the publicity in this case, the risk of contamination during open voir dire is overwhelming,'' the motion argued.
Davies in the federal Rodney King trial, during which the jury was put up at the Los Angeles Hilton and was allowed only carefully monitored contacts with family members.
He said that he and O.J. left for McDonald's in Simpson's Bentley at 9:10 p.m. They returned to the Simpson estate at about 9:45 p.m. Friends said Simpson had seemed angry during a morning golf match that morning at the Riviera Country Club and had snapped at one of the other players.
``And it's going to put more pressure on Mr. Simpson to explain his whereabouts during that time frame.'' It is not clear whether GTE phone records will show the time and duration of all of the calls.
But Kaelin testified that during this call, he took a call from Simpson on the other line reminding him to set the security alarm.
He had never failed before -- the way I was for a large part of my life.'' Besides a brief appearance during the campaign helping Carter build a home for Habitat for Humanity, the Clintons pretty much avoided the Carters.
Carter, in turn, felt free to criticize Clinton on points ranging from his carpentry skills to his foreign policy team, complaining last year that the briefings he received were ``inadequate'' and inferior to the ones he had gotten during the Reagan-Bush era.
``Our situation has been aggravated during these three years, and all the institutions in the country have been destroyed.'' The sole exception may be the military itself, which has been crippled by what it calls the permissive entry of 10,000 U.S. troops but has not been wiped out, as could have been the case in a full-scale invasion.
And while statistics indicate a drop in crime in the state during the last four years, the polls show that many people remain fearful.
Smith earned one of the British army's highest awards, the Distinguished Service Order, for his performance in the gulf and forged close ties with U.S. officers during the war there.
The second was his fury at the loss of a British soldier during the Serbian onslaught on Gorazde in April, a death he attributed to Muslim-led Bosnian forces abruptly turning and running in front of the British position.
The third was his exasperation in June during a futile week in Geneva when the Bosnian Serbs were ready to sign a six-month truce, but Bosnian Vice President Ejup Ganic stood firm against a long cease-fire that might consolidate the Serbian military advantage.
We could have had a governor over the last 12 years who fought for term limits but he hasn't because he doesn't support it.'' As for the hecklers, the roughest treatment of Cuomo came from Michael Notti, 33, a payroll manager from Old Bethpage, who called Cuomo a ``slob'' and a ``political prostitute,'' during a lengthy rant about the death penalty and violence in Crown Heights.
You don't think about it much during the season, but in reflection, it's almost too good to be true.'' The Tigers' success last year was not only unexpected, it grew from very modest goals set at the beginning of the season.
``I couldn't go back there and work,'' Keenan said during one of a series of conversations over the past week.
``And Keenan knew it.'' In response, Keenan held a a private meeting with Bob Gutkowski, then the president of Madison Square Garden and Smith's immediate superior, to try to circumvent Smith's authority -- a move Keenan used several times in varying situations during the course of the regular season as well.
That was just the final action.'' But even though Keenan insists he was pushed out the door, he does acknowledge that his some of his actions during the course of the season put Smith in a highly uncomfortable position.
Throughout the remainder of the season -- and particularly during the playoffs -- the gulf grew wider and wider until it threatened to swallow them both.
TEMPLE BEATS AN INJURED ARMY TEAM, 23-20 WEST POINT, N.Y.  (BC-FBC-TEMPLE-ARMY-NYT) Army, which lost its co-starting quarterbacks in its first two games, sustained an even bigger casualty Saturday when its outstanding runner, Akili King, was hurt during the Cadets' first possession against Temple.
Inasmuch as Ryan has earned a reputation for shaking things up during his stormy NFL coaching tenure, he has also been known to motivate his players with interesting tactics.
FORD RECALLS TWO NEW MODELS TO CORRECT DEFECT DETROIT  (BC-FORD-RECALL-NYT) Ford Motor Co. is recalling its new Contour and Mystique compact sedans because of a design defect that, if uncorrected, could cause a fire during refueling.
Ford engineers found that during fueling, a static electricity charge might be created on a shield attached to the cars' fuel filler pipes.
They even did it during the regular season against Philadelphia.
That's an unusual statistic, considering the amount of clutter and chaos near the line of scrimmage and the odds that a defensive player will accidentally bump into the quarterback and knock him down at some point during a game.
He got into former Falcons coach Jerry Glanville's doghouse during a three-week contract dispute in 1989.
McDonald's recently announced that it will operate six of its fast-food restaurants at the Olympic Village during the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, feeding 15,000 athletes, coaches and officials free of charge, if not free of fatty, fried foods.
Still, the McDonald's restaurants in the Olympic Village figure to be full, serving 7,500 meals a day during the Games.
Kenny Monday, who has won a gold and silver medal in freestyle wrestling, said he might opt for a pancake breakfast at McDonald's during competition in Atlanta and a Big Mac, ice cream and an apple pie once competition ended.
I don't know if we got impatient or what, but we've got to keep going, getting those 3- and 4-yard runs.'' Murrell, a second-year performer, is a breakaway runner who startled opponents during the exhibition season with slanting runs into narrow holes.
He reported to camp and has played during the exhibition season despite not having signed a contract.
MORE DAVIDIANS SHOT THAN PREVIOUSLY REPORTED FORT WORTH, Texas  (BC-DAVIDIANS-SHOT-TEX) Twenty-eight of those who died at the Branch Davidian community near Waco, Texas, including two children, were hit by gunfire during their 51-day standoff with federal authorities, officials said.
Pareya also said that although the remains of at least 79 people were found in the ashes of the Davidian residence, pathological tests may eventually show that more of David Koresh's followers died during the standoff and fire.
Four federal agents and at least 79 Davidians died during the seige that started Feb.
A Marlins source said the delay was planned to give the club a chance to see who becomes available during the off-season.
``I can't understand it,'' the silver-haired Criswell boomed during an interview at his plush office suite on the 32nd floor of the Lincoln Plaza office building across the street from First Baptist.
Also, Gregory said, he erred in taking Criswell's suggestion of wearing a white suit identical to the one the elder minister wore during summer services.
Criswell, during the interview, commented: ``You know he brought that woman to the church.'' Gregory, however, said he barely knew Lemmons when she worked for three weeks at First Baptist.
Gregory was still married to his first wife and during two weeks of Lemmon's three-week temporary job, he was away on a trip with his family to help dedicate a mission hospital in India.
But Gavlick, 31, and eight others are enduring this pain to win a pickup, which next to the horse is probably the dearest mode of transportation to many Texans.
``I need and want the truck,'' said Gavlick during one of his hourly 10-minute breaks.
Even if the United States succeeds in creating a stable environment during that period, democratic institutions cannot be established overnight, nor imposed by outsiders, some Haitians said.
9 HAITIANS KILLED DURING GUN BATTLE WITH U.S. MARINES WASHINGTON  (BC-HAITI-GUNFIGHT-NYT) Nine Haitians were killed Saturday night during a gunfight with U.S. marines at a Haitian police station, U.S. military officials said.
Like the Israelis, Arafat seems worried about instability during an election campaign, and he fears a challenge to his authority by elected representatives who have popular support.
``In every movie the earth has to move for the heroine, at least once -- that is as much as we can make it move on a Sunday afternoon.'' Part of CBS' strategy is to promote the movies heavily during its daytime soap operas every week.
``In every movie the earth has to move for the heroine, at least once -- that is as much as we can make it move on a Sunday afternoon.'' Part of CBS' strategy is to promote the movies heavily during its daytime soap operas every week.
-- Convince Congress to return after the election and act on health care during a lame-duck session.
He said that Republicans who blocked action this year made it more likely that next year's bills will be better, because of points made and problems spotlighted during this year's national debate.
 (BC-HILLS-STORES-2NDTAKE-NYT) Hills' wide selection of toys, which account for more than 10 percent of its sales, also distinguish it from bigger discounters, which tend to carry lots of toys during the holidays but keep minimal stocks the rest of the year.
Plus, shoppers have been putting their money into their homes and making big-ticket purchases that they delayed during the recession.
Even after Bettman slashed their benefits during training camp to force them to the bargaining table -- he even withheld meal money -- the players grimly went about business as usual, playing exhibition games that generate profits for owners.
Last season, according to someone who has seen the numbers during collective bargaining, the management-produced figures went up to $700 million in revenues and $440 million in salary, due in part to successful expansion franchises in Miami and Anaheim, Calif., that increased the league membership from 24 to 26 teams.
And during high season, the roads from the island become so crowded that the drive to the other hospitals can take more like 45 minutes.
The National Football League confronted its union in 1987 during a regular-season walkout and succeeded in persuading a goodly number of players to break with the National Football League Players Association.
``That's not realistic.'' That sort of solidarity didn't exist in the football players' union during the 1980s.
During the mid-1970s, for example, Blinder told a group of colleagues at Princeton that New York City bonds were severely undervalued even compared with bonds issued by financially distressed cities during the Great Depression.
It remains hard to say where gold prices are headed, particularly during this week, which mixes a heavy dose of economic data with a meeting of the Federal Reserve's Open Market Committee.
Michigan's 23-0 run, a stretch during which Colorado's powerful offense was shut out for more than 35{ minutes, gave the Wolverines a 26-14 lead.
Perhaps more troubling, the coroner has acknowledged throwing away the contents of Nicole Brown Simpson's stomach during the autopsy -- evidence which could have helped place the time of death.
VIKINGS NIP DOLPHINS, 38-35 MINNEAPOLIS  (BC-FBN-DOLPHINS-VIKINGS-NYT) For a moment during the Vikings-Dolphins game on Sunday afternoon, Minnesota quarterback Warren Moon thought he was standing in the middle of some nightmarish flashback.
The Dolphins had labeled the Vikings' defense a bunch of cheap-shot artists because Minnesota defensive end James Harris was fined $7,500 for going after Dolphins backup quarterback Bernie Kosar's knees during a preseason game.
``We felt if we could limit his gains and take away his deep ball -- and we did -- we might be able to force him into some mistakes,'' said Rams linebacker Chris Martin, who played with the Chiefs during 1988-92.
Shah told The Sunday Observer, a Bombay newspaper, that the plague outbreak followed severe Hindu-Muslim rioting in Surat in 1992 and catastrophic flooding during this summer's monsoons that left some of the city's shantytowns under 10 feet of water.
``Luckily no checks for the bus tickets had been cashed, so we can send them back.'' Among those who planned to sing in the chorus during the pope's visit to Sacred Heart Cathedral in Newark was Myriam Vergara of Palisades Park, an immigrant from Ecuador who attends Holy Trinity's Sunday Mass in Spanish.
In his letter, McCarrick said that he had traveled with the pope two weeks ago during a papal visit to Zagreb, Croatia, and that he could see that it was difficult for the pope to maneuver, particularly in the cramped quarters of his bulletproof touring car.
Appearing Sunday on the NBC News program ``Meet the Press,'' Defense Secretary William Perry said American forces would remain in Haiti at least until early next year, partly to insure safety during parliamentary elections scheduled for late this year.
The men were captured during a pro-Aristide demonstration on Saturday night.
But the capital was quiet during the day.
Both channels intend to pepper the broadcasts with advertising during lulls in testimony and court recesses, but otherwise the coverage will be gavel-to-gavel.
Instead of 60 minutes of the soap operas and commercials, for example, viewers may get 52 minutes' worth -- with the rest of the hour filled with highlights of what happened in court during the last hour.
The Simpson trial could cause serious problems for networks that already have sold advertising time during the four-week November sweeps rating period.
The networks have special movies, series and guest stars lined up to boost their ratings during this crucial November period when viewership is measured to set future advertising sales prices -- which determine the networks' revenues.
``It wasn't a horrible hemorrhage, but the preliminary hearing was only a week.'' Even during the preliminary hearing, the networks ran more of their normal daytime programming and commercials, Bohrman said.
James Fox, who was the head of the New York office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation during the investigation that led to the indictment of Gotti, characterized Gravano ``as the most important witness in organized-crime history.'' He said Gravano had ``a photographic memory'' that made him a near-perfect witness and allowed agents to solve scores of mob-related crimes.
(WITH SIMPSON-VIEWER,  (BC-SIMPSON-NETWORK-2ndtake-LADN) The networks -- ABC, CBS and NBC -- considered rotating coverage among themselves daily, but that arrangement -- used for a short time during the Iran-Contra hearings -- is no longer under serious consideration, Schulman said.
KCAL, for instance, stuck with its regular daytime schedule during most of the hearings last week.
Public hospitals are more vulnerable than ever because their traditional support is eroding on two fronts: The city is reducing subsidies during a fiscal crisis, and Medicaid patients, who account for 70 percent of the city hospitals' business, are flocking elsewhere for the first time.
Still, the juxtaposition of last week's events obscured the fact that all hospitals, public and private, are facing many of the same problems during an industry-wide retrenchment.
Having spent many years shunning popular entertainment and studying ``Ulysses,'' Gerardo becomes so enthralled by American soap operas during this voyage that when he meets American tourists climbing the volcanic mountains of Stromboli, he is full of urgent questions about ``The Bold and the Beautiful.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Also seen during this segment: a visit to an island where all parents are obsessed with their children and the children respond by behaving like tyrants.
RAIDERS FALL TO 1-3 AFTER HEART-BREAKING 26-24 LOSS TO CHARGERS LOS ANGELES  (BC-FBN-RAIDERS-LADN) Coach Art Shell might want to go over a basic rule of football with the Los Angeles Raiders during practices this week: Games are 60 minutes long.
We were really struggling.'' The Raiders showed some life for the first time during that ill-fated drive.
The subject of Jets' second-round draft picks has been a sore point during Dick Steinberg's tenure as general manager, which began in 1990 with the drafting of Reggie Rembert.
All in all, it was an evening of unfinished choreographic business during which Ms. Tharp proved to be a witty and persuasive lecturer.
Ross wasn't shy about reeling off the the Chargers' problems: center Courtney Hall and H-back Alfred Pupunu out before the game; Pupunu's replacement, Deems May, playing with a stress fracture; linebacker David Griggs, cornerback Sean Vanhorse and running back Eric Bieniemy hurt during the game, and defensive tackle Rueben Davis' first-half ejection after an altercation with Raiders lineman Steve Wisniewski.
And with a chance to heal during next week's bye before a first-place showdown in San Diego with the Chiefs (3-1), their future looks very bright.
After the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor during World War II, they were confined in an internment camp along with other Japanese Americans.
Seau nailed him in the back during a sack in the first half, and in the fourth quarter, Hostetler came out for a play after being sacked by Shawn Lee to an end Sunday.
Carlson and his offensive buddies were lustily booed during one fourth-quarter series when he fumbled a snap, was whistled for delay of game, and threw two incomplete passes.
Seau nailed him in the back during a sack in the first half, and in the fourth quarter, Hostetler came out for a play after being sacked by Shawn Lee to an end Sunday.
Seau nailed him in the back during a sack in the first half, and in the fourth quarter, Hostetler came out for a play after being sacked by Shawn Lee to an end Sunday.
The only thing I can do is try to watch during practice and watch films.
The televised spectacle of the Senate confirmation hearings on the nomination of Clarence Thomas to the Supreme Court in 1991 when Kennedy, long a champion of women's rights, said little during the debate over Anita F.
``I was always a Kennedy Democrat,'' Vicki Kennedy said during a recent visit to Boston.
Airlines are attracted to interactive systems because of their promise to entertain passengers during long flights and to raise revenue by charging economy-class passengers for movies and video games and by selling items like silk scarves, perfumes and tickets to sporting events and Broadway shows.
The Big Three are reluctant to hire workers, fearing the pension and health care costs they would have to cover during the inevitable downturn.
``In every movie the earth has to move for the heroine, at least once -- that is as much as we can make it move on a Sunday afternoon.'' Part of CBS' strategy is to promote the movies heavily during its daytime soap operas every week.
``In every movie the earth has to move for the heroine, at least once -- that is as much as we can make it move on a Sunday afternoon.'' Part of CBS' strategy is to promote the movies heavily during its daytime soap operas every week.
Soviet Premier Joseph Stalin's behavior before, during and after the revolt is a harbinger of his further schemes to put post-war Eastern Europe under communist control.
Offcuts left to hang around on the table during repetitive cutting operations can wander into the blade and be shot back like bullets.
The worst was 1991, when the Falcons were gutted 56-17 during the regular season and eliminated from the playoffs 24-7 on an oozing, cold day that Kenn described as ``one of the most hostile environments I've ever been in.'' ``But that was then and this is now.
MITTERRAND'S SWAN SONG PARIS  (BC-FRANCE-REVIEW-NYT) Political rivals and ideological foes though they were, Charles de Gaulle and Francois Mitterrand agreed on one thing -- that it served no purpose to look too closely at France's behavior during its occupation by Nazi Germany.
The wide and enduring appeal of broadcast serial drama -- beginning with radio in the 1920s and then television from 1956 onward -- has for a long time set smart people to thinking, and writing quite a lot.
Nine of the 11 had taken clomiphene, sold under the brand names Clomid and Serophene, and 5 of the 9 had taken the drug during 12 or more monthly cycles.
He had never failed before -- the way I was for a large part of my life.'' Besides a brief appearance during the campaign helping Carter build a home for Habitat for Humanity, the Clintons pretty much avoided the Carters.
Carter, in turn, felt free to criticize Clinton on points ranging from his carpentry skills to his foreign policy team, complaining last year that the briefings he received were ``inadequate'' and inferior to the ones he had gotten during the Reagan-Bush era.
``I am going to work very hard in South Texas,'' Hutchison told Texas reporters during a news conference here on Friday.
``My message is going to be, `You've heard people talk a good game before, but I've delivered.''' Hutchison said she plans to begin television advertising during the first week of October.
Campaign officials noted that, during the primary, his strength in South Texas energized voters who gave him a come-from-behind win over former Attorney General Jim Mattox.
``I am going to work very hard in South Texas,'' Hutchison told Texas reporters during a news conference here on Friday.
``My message is going to be, `You've heard people talk a good game before, but I've delivered.''' Hutchison said she plans to begin television advertising during the first week of October.
Campaign officials noted that, during the primary, his strength in South Texas energized voters who gave him a come-from-behind win over former Attorney General Jim Mattox.
In five weeks, we rained more tons of explosives on one small country than all the combatant forces dropped on all enemies in all theaters of war during all of World War II! Saddam, Kim, Raoul Cedras: bad guys.
The Americans, poised one moment to annihilate the Haitian armed forces, are now to work with them in ``close cooperation.'' Days after Clinton had described Haiti's leaders as murderers, rapists and thugs, the Americans are now bound to them by ties of ``mutual respect.'' The last time Carter found such evidence of willingness in Haiti's leaders, it was when they ``performed in a superb fashion'' during the elections of 1990 -- elections whose results they promptly squashed.
The Americans, poised one moment to annihilate the Haitian armed forces, are now to work with them in ``close cooperation.'' Days after Clinton had described Haiti's leaders as murderers, rapists and thugs, the Americans are now bound to them by ties of ``mutual respect.'' The last time Carter found such evidence of willingness in Haiti's leaders, it was when they ``performed in a superb fashion'' during the elections of 1990 -- elections whose results they promptly squashed.
On one single Friday during the Crime Bill debate, it received 616 phone calls -- about one a minute.
In five weeks, we rained more tons of explosives on one small country than all the combatant forces dropped on all enemies in all theaters of war during all of World War II! Saddam, Kim, Raoul Cedras: bad guys.
On one single Friday during the Crime Bill debate, it received 616 phone calls -- about one a minute.
On one single Friday during the Crime Bill debate, it received 616 phone calls -- about one a minute.
For a short while, I'm attending classes at the Sorbonne on the Left Bank, studying the literary life and times of Americans in Paris during the 1920s: Ernest Hemingway, Ezra Pound, Gertrude Stein, Sylvia Beach, Scott Fitzgerald and others.
She sat in the front row during a hearing and three markup sessions on the bill held by the Energy and Natural Resources Committee, of which she is not a member.
She sat in the front row during a hearing and three markup sessions on the bill held by the Energy and Natural Resources Committee, of which she is not a member.
She sat in the front row during a hearing and three markup sessions on the bill held by the Energy and Natural Resources Committee, of which she is not a member.
Yet, as a freshman member of the minority party, he contributed only eight minutes worth of floor speech during the first 200 days the House was in session.
EMPERORS' ELABORATE STRATEGIES FOR COPING WITH THE COLD  (BC-PENGUIN-SCI-850(ADD)-ART-NYT) Ever since explorers at the turn of the century surmised that the emperor penguin must breed during the coldest part of Antarctica's deadly winter, this charming but peculiar species has inspired wonder and curiosity.
In 1911 a trio of intrepid English explorers confirmed the theory that emperor penguins, unlike other birds, do indeed lay and incubate their eggs during the dead of the polar winter.
For human beings, Antarctica is closed to the outer world during the winter months, from March through August, and only in dire emergencies do airplanes from New Zealand or Chile attempt to land on the continent's treacherous ice runways.
``They are surely the deepest-diving birds in the world.'' Kooyman plans to return to Antarctica next month to study the birds at close hand during the summer.
If snow deeply covers their rookery during that period, high infant mortality results.
Yet, as a freshman member of the minority party, he contributed only eight minutes worth of floor speech during the first 200 days the House was in session.
Yet, as a freshman member of the minority party, he contributed only eight minutes worth of floor speech during the first 200 days the House was in session.
The ponderosa pine insects that originally inspired this research show the extremes to which insects that hardly move at all during their lifetimes can become isolated on their host plants.
Instead of mourning his death, they are straightforward in portraying the qualities that made Ashe an enduring friend and powerful force in their lives.
Trout can grow as fast as an inch per month during the summer.
Yet like the internment of California's Japanese Americans during World War II -- while those with German or Italian heritage remained free -- our image of the ``immigrant'' today is strictly Asian or Latino.
According to Wilson, the NCAA supplied the college with a list of ``NCAA schools with basketball programs.'' The college's registrar then identified those schools that were sent transcripts from the college during the summers of 1992 and '93.
In November 1991 China agreed to adhere to the agreement during a visit by James A.
But after President Bush announced the sale of F-16 fighters to Taiwan during his 1992 re-election campaign, China secretly shipped components of the M-11 missile to Pakistan in November 1992.
But they came for extra help during their professors' office hours, worked hard and by the second semester had caught up.
``We were taken care of absolutely royally.'' She and her sister became chemistry majors and worked in chemistry research labs during the school year and summers.
``We are not ready to reach a settlement by bending our principles,'' Hashimoto, the trade minister, said during a trip to Thailand last weekend, according to the Kyodo News Service.
Jason Ervin, a guard from Kansas City, Mo., who transferred to Baylor from a Missouri junior college last year, said former Baylor assistant coaches Gary Thomas and Troy Drummond provided him with answers to test questions in a correspondence course he took during the summer of 1993.
Ervin said in an interview that he repeatedly was told by Thomas and Drummond to lie about the alleged cheating when questioned by university, SWC and NCAA officials during the 1993-94 school year.
He said he followed the coaches' instructions during at least two interviews but had a change of heart when SWC and NCAA representatives questioned him in April.
He chose to attend the Oklahoma school after learning he had been barred from playing basketball at Baylor during the 1994-95 season.
Ervin said he attempted to answer the questions during the 10-hour trip but quickly discovered yet another snag.
The officials were skeptical that he could have completed the test during a 10-hour car ride with the wrong book.
SLAYING OF SHERIFF POINTS UP RISK FACED BY RURAL LAW OFFICERS  (BC-RURAL-RISK-KAN) UNDATED: The shooting death Friday of the Maries County, Mo., sheriff during a routine investigation became a grim message about the increased risk and violence faced by rural law officers.
`` We try to instill a high state of awareness of what's going on around them on every stop.'' Still, violence erupts during seemingly routine encounters.
The sheriff's weapon fell from his holster, and the man shot him in the leg during a scuffle.
The glamour campaign began during the March fashion shows, when Anna Wintour, editor in chief of Vogue magazine, met with the fashion directors of department stores to spread the word.
Mel Carnahan, who has more than his share of wins during his 20 months in office.
While several players quit, Roseberry hung in, and during conditioning drills, Leonzi found himself screaming to his young laggards, ``If a 46-year-old can run these damn hills, I don't understand why 18-, 19- and 20-year-olds can't.'' Roseberry is not particularly close to his teammates.
The script still includes twice as many photos of Japanese suffering from the bomb as those of Americans killed and brutalized by Japanese during the war.
Protesters besieged the American cultural center here during the Vietnam War, and there were angry demonstrations against U.S. troop maneuvers that were held in city parks.
The Indians would play the Yankees four times this week, then play the Baltimore Orioles during the weekend, possibly for the wild-card spot.
Eighteen months later, during the height of the Christmas season, the company made its debut in the stock market.
CAPRIATI'S RETURN DELAYED  (BC-TEN-CAPRIATI-NYT) Jennifer Capriati confirmed Monday that her comeback, intended for next week in Europe following a year-long layoff from competitive tennis, has been postponed due to a groin strain she re-aggravated during a practice session two weeks ago.
But even before the stock topped $30 during this summer's climb, Andrew Shore of Paine Webber was warning that the shares were no bargain when their price was compared to operating cash flow or earnings per share.
DEMOCRATS FACED LOW VOTER TURNOUT IN SOUTH THIS YEAR WASHINGTON  (BC-DEMS-TURNOUT-NYT) In a troubling sign for the Democrats, their party suffered pronounced losses in turnout in the South during this year's midterm primaries, according to an analysis made public Monday.
HUNTINGTON HAS PICTURESTO GO WITH BLAKE'S WORDS LOS ANGELES  (BC-BLAKE-ART-EXHIBIT-LADN) You may have read his poetry in a paperback during high school or college, but chances are you've never seen the illustrations that were supposed to accompany them.
The landmark exhibition was made possible by the recent restoration of the library's collection of illuminated poems by Blake, which were printed during the poet's lifetime (1757-1827) and bound during the 19th century.
Zedillo's promise during the campaign not to use inflation as a way to stimulate the economy is reflected in the decision to leave alone the peso's depreciation rate.
21, indicated during the campaign that he saw no need for radical changes in the pact.
Some expect a move to increase short-term rates to take place during a meeting of the Fed's policy-making committee that starts on Tuesday, while others lean toward an action after the November meeting, which would allow the Fed time to assess the most recent economic data to see if the last few increases have worked their way through the economy.
``Once when I went over the schedule during training camp, highlighting some things,'' he said.
Even Mark Messier -- the missing team captain, who has been watching Ranger preseason games during his holdout via satellite dish at his home in Hilton Head, S.C. -- has made some comments about how impressed he is with Langdon's physical play.
	Ms. Tax will read from her book ``Families,'' published for first graders 12 years ago by Little, Brown & Co. but removed from the curriculum in Fairfax County, Va., during the summer.
``But Phil didn't really want to push Beuerlein off the team.'' On Sunday, speaking during his pre-game segment on ESPN, Simms said he was not going to entertain any more offers from other teams during the year if the Arizona deal went sour.
Ackles said Ryan and Matt Cavanaugh, the Cardinals' quarterback coach, talked about Simms during a meeting early last week.
It happened to Mapula Plessy, a real estate agent, when she stopped for a traffic light in Soweto during rush hour one afternoon.
Clinton said in a statement, ``For the sake of those of us who touched us during this great journey, we are going to keep up the fight and we will prevail.'' Mitchell, a Maine Democrat who turned down a Supreme Court nomination to devote all his energies to passing health insurance legislation this year, told a news conference that the ``insurance industry on the outside and a majority of Republicans on the inside proved to be too much to overcome.'' His two targets scoffed.
We are closer than ever to our goal, and I am confident that we will prevail.'' Dole would not say what he thinks should be done next year, but he said ``certainly it will be on the top of the agenda.'' After earlier failures in the 1940s and 1970s, the long, hard life of health care legislation in the 90s began during the 1992 presidential primaries, when first Sen.
The feedback book Berring established during a stint at the University of Washington law library didn't work too well, however.
Tom Jones, the commander of the 1,900 Marines who landed in this city of 65,000 last week, that 3,000 people had been killed in the Cap-Haitien region alone during the de facto military government's three-year rule.
Hearings on the reliability of such evidence, which could tie Simpson to the crime scene through samples of his blood, are expected to last a month, during which the jurors would be home.
The first was juror 32 -- the number Simpson wore for the Buffalo Bills during much of his spectacular career on the gridiron.
``Five dollars a day doesn't quite make it,'' he said during a preliminary hearing Monday morning.
Later, he increased the number of reporters allowed to attend court during the questioning of prospective jurors, and agreed that the others could hear the proceedings via an audio hookup.
It was evident with the firm's zealous drive into the new issue market during 1991, when it arranged the sale of $28 million in stock for Leslie's Poolmart.
Subsequently, in a meeting late last week, Montgomery's outside counsel, Linda Shostak of Morrison & Foerster, warned The San Francisco Chronicle that publishing a story on Montgomery during the week of their gala would ``do us tremendous damage, just tremendous damage.'' Wall Street critics, meanwhile, say that Montgomery regularly uses its trading muscle, and its relationships with favored clients, to artificially keep stocks up.
They were friends when (the Russians) didn't have many.'' Murphy said he started calling on Soviet energy officials in the late 1960s and early 1970s during the period of ``detente'' encouraged by former President Nixon.
He will be monitored closely during the next several days and a decision about his status will be made soon.
Nasdaq said that the number of shares borrowed and sold short fell 1 percent during the month ended Sept.
That compares with 849.2 million sold short during the previous month.
TPI Enterprises Inc., owner of several moderately priced restaurant chains, had the highest cover ratio during the month.
The California Association of Realtors said Monday that 459,420 existing, single-family detached homes closed escrow during August on a seasonally-adjusted, annualized basis, up 4.8 percent from August 1993 when 438,400 homes were sold.
The median price of a single-family home sold during August was $182,450, down 1.7 percent from a revised $185,590 in July and 2.7 percent lower than August 1993's $187,490.
Fixed mortgage interest rates averaged 8.51 percent during August, down from an average of 8.62 percent in July, according to the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp.
Another is ``standard deviation,'' or how volatile a fund's total return is during specified periods of time.
The state's motion to interrupt the jury selection process argues that Ito has already indicated that jurors would have to be requestioned about possible bias if they are allowed to go home during admissibility hearings, which could take a month.
The audio feed into a communal pressroom that had been expected during jury selection will not, in fact, be available until after the potential jurors have been screened for hardships and have completed questionnaires.
The identities of jurors are privileged in California, and no video coverage will be allowed during jury selection.
Roseberry, center, listening to coaches along with his Kutztown teammates during practice.
Roseberry, center, listening to coaches along with his Kutztown teammates during practice.
Roseberry, center, listening to coaches along with his Kutztown teammates during practice.
The 47-year-old beat 19 other contenders who vied for the $15,000 truck by keeping their lips pressed against one of three vehicles in a booth set up in the Stockyards during Fort Worth's Pioneer Days festival.
About 10 station employees rotated shifts to keep their eyes on the contestants and provided them with food, beverages, blankets and lip balm during their 10-minute breaks each hour.
Jack Trudeau, the second-stringer who had outplayed Esiason during the exhibition season when he engineered comebacks with other back-ups, will be making his first start for the Jets.
In the preseason, Trudeau, who was signed as a free agent during the off-season after he left the Colts, connected on 69 percent of his passes (compared to Esiason's 46.9 percent).
It happened to Mapula Plessy, a real estate agent, when she stopped for a traffic light in Soweto during rush hour one afternoon.
Those with long memories -- or lives spent on Madison Avenue -- might recognize the last three as children who achieved measures of fame during the 1960s and 1970s as diminutive pitchmen in commercials aimed at adults.
In jellies, Welch's is also No. 1, with supermarket sales of almost $41 million during that period, followed by all private-label brands at $36.9 million.
The spots will appear during daytime soap operas and pre-Christmas specials, Moorman said, as well as during prime-time programming on networks like CBS, NBC, the Discovery Channel and TNT.
Wright was acquired by the Dallas Cowboys in a trade during the 1992 season largely because of his ability to return kicks.
By day's end, Juror No. 0032 -- a woman in her 30s, and the first to undergo questioning during the hardship phase of the long jury selection process -- was one of 102 people referred to by the judge as ``the survivors.'' In all Monday, the judge excused 112 jurors of the first 219 summoned.
Prosecutors have asked Ito to fully sequester the 12 jurors and eight alternates, during the entire trial -- a request opposed by the defense.
During a brief courtroom session Monday, Ito said he would allow lawyers to question potential jurors during the general questioning phase ``for a limited period of time.'' 
Peter Chiodo: Nicknamed Big Pete for his 500-pound frame; a captain in the Lucchese family, he was almost killed during an internal war in 1991, two years before he testified against the leader, Anthony Casso; entered Witness Protection Program.
By day's end, Juror No. 0032 -- a woman in her 30s, and the first to undergo questioning during the hardship phase of the long jury selection process -- was one of the people referred to by the judge as ``the survivors.'' In all Monday, the judge excused 112 jurors of the first 219 summoned.
Prosecutors have asked Ito to fully sequester the 12 jurors and eight alternates, during the entire trial -- a request opposed by the defense.
During a brief courtroom session Monday, Ito said he would allow lawyers to question potential jurors during the general questioning phase ``for a limited period of time.'' 
He lacerated a kidney during practice last week and remains hospitalized in Denver.
Protesters besieged the American cultural center here during the Vietnam War, and there were angry demonstrations against U.S. troop maneuvers that were held in city parks.
EMPERORS' ELABORATE STRATEGIES FOR COPING WITH THE COLD  (BC-PENGUIN-SCI-850(ADD)-ART-NYT) Ever since explorers at the turn of the century surmised that the emperor penguin must breed during the coldest part of Antarctica's deadly winter, this charming but peculiar species has inspired wonder and curiosity.
In 1911 a trio of intrepid English explorers confirmed the theory that emperor penguins, unlike other birds, do indeed lay and incubate their eggs during the dead of the polar winter.
For human beings, Antarctica is closed to the outer world during the winter months, from March through August, and only in dire emergencies do airplanes from New Zealand or Chile attempt to land on the continent's treacherous ice runways.
The ponderosa pine insects that originally inspired this research show the extremes to which insects that hardly move at all during their lifetimes can become isolated on their host plants.
``They are surely the deepest-diving birds in the world.'' Kooyman plans to return to Antarctica next month to study the birds at close hand during the summer.
If snow deeply covers their rookery during that period, high infant mortality results.
But they came for extra help during their professors' office hours, worked hard and by the second semester had caught up.
``We were taken care of absolutely royally.'' She and her sister became chemistry majors and worked in chemistry research labs during the school year and summers.
``Oh. I see I've already talked for 10 minutes,'' she said, smiling as the audience laughed during last Tuesday's town hall meeting at the Carter Center.
Billy Graham and his wife, Ruth, weren't there for the crusade's opening Sunday night, but in a telegram earlier in the day, they told their son, ``May God's hand be on your shoulder.'' Franklin Graham will make an appearance in Atlanta during his father's Georgia Dome crusade Oct.
And during that stretch, the Tide has faced seven current NFL quarterbacks and one Heisman Trophy-winning QB (Gino Torretta).
Players in all sports sign individual contracts with their agents, but these generally are written so that the agent would not be paid during a strike.
He patiently answered every question Monday during Alabama's media session.
He said it was during a stay in Lexington, Ky., that he met Walter Tevis, the man who penned The Hustler, and used both his nickname and some of his stories for his principal character.
You have to assume that what's going on in the courtroom during jury selection this week is real, or at least as real as O.J.'s firm, friendly gaze at members of the jury pool.
You have to assume that what's going on in the courtroom during jury selection this week is real, or at least as real as O.J.'s firm, friendly gaze at members of the jury pool.
George Bush's Halcion use came to light in January 1992 during his ill-fated trip to Japan, when he vomited and collapsed during a state dinner with the Japanese prime minister.
Washington soothsayers and Halcion critics zoomed in on that admission, some asking openly if Bush's fractured speech patterns during a campaign swing through New Hampshire later that month were, in fact, connected to Halcion.
Bush last took the sleep aid during the trip to Japan that ended Jan.
An attorney pursuing a class-action suit in Brooklyn, New York, dropped the former president's name during a hearing in April, after the presiding judge asked rather archly whether people claiming Halcion side effects were complaining of upset stomachs.
The agency found no evidence that Feurst's patients actually took Halcion during a six-month trial.
Straw later admitted that he knew Feurst had been disqualified but said he had forgotten that during the BBC interview.
FDA spokesman Don McLearn told the Houston Chronicle that an FDA task force is looking into allegations that had not been brought up during the 1992 investigation but that were contained in Erspamer's report.
However, twice during the 1980s, Oswald published studies concluding the drug's adverse effects outweighed its benefits.
When the efforts to block publication of Adam-Oswald were recited during a trial this spring, Upjohn President Ley S.
Barry, manager of the company's Drug Experience Unit during the 1980s, reported that Halcion might be causing or contributing to hallucinations, delusions, confusion, aggression and worse.
The agency found no evidence that Feurst's patients actually took Halcion during a six-month trial.
Straw later admitted that he knew Feurst had been disqualified but said he had forgotten that during the BBC interview.
``They thought they were in high cotton.'' The Adays first heard of the super collider during the Christmas season of 1988.
Evelyn Bassoff, author of ``Between Mothers and Sons,'' said she began writing her book after her son Jonathan, now 20, nearly died from a head injury during a baseball game.
Encourage after-school activities but limit part-time jobs to 10 to 15 hours a week during the school year.
Styne's movie songs, which include ``I Fall in Love Too Easily,'' ``I'll Walk Alone,'' ``The Things We Did Last Summer,'' ``Time After Time'' and ``It's Magic,'' offer as potent a distillation of the romantic ethos of World War II and the years immediately following as any written during that period.
Try to go when the theater is not crowded so you can comfortably answer their questions, which will probably occur during this quiet film's quietest moments.
Green Day leaves those groups' tinny sonics behind; instead it favors the radio-ready sheen introduced on Nirvana's multiplatinum album ``Nevermind.'' Oddly enough, the formative punk music Green Day venerates remained obscure during its creative heyday.
Called ``Funny Papers,'' it will be seen during the Paul Taylor Dance Company's two-week season, which opens Oct.
In a conversation with the six dancers at the Taylor studio, Grenke remembered, ``Paul had been putting out feelers, asking if anyone was interested in choreographing.'' Then one night during Grenke's first season with the company, he was distracted by the sound of knocking at his dressing room door.
Those targets were scanned by Endeavour and the same radar observatory during an April flight.
Endeavour's is the second of three back-to-back shuttle environmental missions during the final months of the year.
Its members suggested in their questions during a hearing on Sunday that they are skeptical about this use of the police.
``My gut tells me it is still comparatively safer to live here than in many American cities, although the increase in crime during the last three years has been dramatic,'' says Latham & Watkins lawyer Richard A.
-- Louisiana lawyer Terry Duncan, 26, died from a stray bullet during last October's violent uprising against President Boris Yeltsin.
Those targets were scanned by Endeavour and the same radar observatory during an April flight.
Endeavour's is the second of three back-to-back shuttle environmental missions during the final months of the year.
And he performed two songs from the album, ``I'm Tore Down'' by Sonny Thompson and ``Five Long Years'' by Little Eddie Boyd, during the season premiere of ``Saturday Night Live'' on Sept.
Its members suggested in their questions during a hearing on Sunday that they are skeptical about this use of the police.
``There was really no reason why we did anything the way we did,'' explained Michael Palin, the actor and writer who was one of the six creators of ``Monty Python.'' ``But of course, there was a reason why we did things for no reason at all.'' The first Sunday in October will be the 25th anniversary of the British broadcast debut of ``Monty Python,'' and from Los Angeles to London, fans have been gathering to celebrate the series, which is not only one of the more enduring icons of early 1970s British pop culture, but also an important moment in the evolution of television comedy.
HAITI'S FROZEN GOVERNMENT ACCOUNT DEPLETED BY ARISTIDE WASHINGTON  (BC-HAITI-ARISTIDE-COX) While President Jean-Bertrand lived what friends describe as a monkish existence during his three years' exile, he was spending $50 million -- more than half the Haitian government funds held in the United States.
HAITI'S FROZEN GOVERNMENT ACCOUNT DEPLETED BY ARISTIDE WASHINGTON  (BC-HAITI-ARISTIDE-1STLEDE-COX) While President Jean-Bertrand Aristide lived what friends describe as a monkish existence during his three years' exile, he was spending $50 million -- more than half the Haitian government funds held in the United States.
Olshansky, a participant in the first meeting of American and Soviet troops during World War II.
``We gather to celebrate the bonds between the Russian people and the American people forged during World War II, and we gather to pledge that the opportunity we lost five decades ago to build a better world will not be lost again,'' Clinton said.
I keep hoping that other fans have discovered during the strike what I discovered -- that an April-to-August season is about right and the World Series (especially one played at night in Cleveland or someplace in late October) is unnecessary.
One of the most insightful observations during the debate came from a local doctor who told me his fondest wish was to become president so he could appoint a blue-ribbon panel of 500 health-care professionals to propose reforms for the country's legal system.
An early supporter was recently quoted as wondering whether it was a mistake ``to get in bed in the with the devil.'' This apparently was the fear many Americans intuitively confronted during the health-care reform debate, when they were repeatedly warned that the devil was in the details.
I'm more thankful than anything for the opportunities.'' He led the Giants in tackles during the preseason.
The company experienced explosive growth during the 1980s and now ranks among the nation's largest mutual fund companies.
How about a couple of films during the show's hiatus?' '' (Future historians will take this as his mea culpa for the ``Bruce Willis: The Return of Bruno'' album and such films as ``Blind Date'' and ``Sunset.'') ``I can't believe I worked on all those projects and did 65 episodes of an hour television show,'' he says.
If Landau has indeed hit it, he believes that the ups and, especially, the downs he has suffered during his own lengthy career gave him splendid experience from which to draw.
But with me, you don't.'' The time Landau spent in England, time during which American directors either forgot him or, worse, remembered him only as a television actor, also hurt.
I didn't feel totally comfortable at end because I hadn't worked there during the week, but I will this week.
Yeltsin decided, he said, ``that while all of these people would for the time being keep their jobs, it would be more appropriate to ask them to do something else during the summit.'' A high-ranking Clinton administration expert on Russian affairs said Tuesday he did not think Yeltsin's speech was the main source of the friction between him and his four aides.
``She was an enduring icon and model of perfection,'' Lacey said in a telephone interview from his room at the Carlyle Hotel in New York City.
Negative publicity during the last year about improper sales practices of some life insurance agents contributed to a decline in their favorable rating to 42 percent, from 48 percent a year earlier.
In Flint, GM hired thousands of temporary workers during the summer to relieve the overtime pressure.
For example, Danny Manning was an unrestricted free agent during the offseason, but salary-cap restrictions prevented many teams from offering him anywhere near the $3.2 million he earned last season with the Atlanta Hawks and the Los Angeles Clippers.
Keith declined repeated requests for an interview, but supporters pointed out that during his tenure as president he had helped to double Morehouse's endowment from $27 million in 1987 to $60 million as of last year.
Meanwhile, Thomas's yards per carry average has dropped during that same span, going from 4.9 in 1991 to 3.7 last season.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Adding to the festivities was a large fund-raising event Tuesday night, similar to those held during party conventions, where the Republican candidates hoped to pocket donations from the very lobbyists and political action committees that they criticize in the abstract.
The report concluded that there was ``an unmistakable pattern of killings and persecution'' by soldiers of the Rwandan Patriotic Front, the victorious rebels who now form the Rwanda government, ``aimed at Hutu populations.'' What is not clear is the extent to which the killings described in the report occurred during the Rwandan civil war, as opposed to the period since the new government came to power in July.
``I look and watch around me and pray that God will watch over me.'' At a slight 6 feet, 180 pounds, Seay (pronounced SAY) continues to be an improbable yet integral part of a fleet receiving corps that lost its star, Anthony Miller, to free agency during the off season.
He dropped a ball in each of the first two games, but then came back and makes the big play.'' Seay, who played in just one game in 1993, won over Ross during the exhibition season, making 7 catches for a 10.9-yard average and 2 touchdowns.
	Asked about his former wife during an appearance in Westchester County, N.Y., on Tuesday, Trump said: ``She's very special to me always because of the fact, hey, we have three beautiful children.
The tax cuts on capital gains income, corporate investment and retirement savings are structured to cost little money during the five-year period for which the Republicans do their accounting.
Of course, it's easy to make fun of ``Cats'' -- especially if you've sat through it -- but it has survived the test of time, no mean feat, and stands as one of the most lucrative and enduring shows ever.
JUDGE HOLDS NYC IN CONTEMPT FOR LEAVING HOMELESS IN OFFICES NEW YORK  (BC-NY-HOMELESS-360&ADD-NYT) A state court judge Tuesday held New York City in contempt for leaving more than 100 homeless families a night sleeping on chairs, tables and the floor of a city office while they waited for shelter during the last two months.
We're not looking for paraphernalia or items tied to any other illegal things.'' Ridgewood's permission slips authorize the police to enter only during times specified by the homeowner.
Such an event would have been unthinkable during the Cold War.
``We gather to celebrate the bonds between the Russian people and the American people forged during World War II, and we gather to pledge that the opportunity we lost five decades ago to build a better world will not be lost again,'' said Clinton, who joined Yeltsin to present medals to two of the veterans and words of praise to them all.
The ceremony was held following several hours of talks during the leaders' third summit meeting.
helps make up for that.'' The Russians suffered 7.5 million military casualties during the war, and some historians contend that without their keeping Hitler's army engaged on the Eastern Front, the European allies would not have been able to land in Normandy on June 6, 1944.
Indeed, it was during his first two years of trading that he earned the trust of the brokerage firms, which had come to feel comfortable that he would settle trades on time.
Clinton does not have formal tastings before important events, the kind of tastings that made White House chefs tremble during the Reagan administration.
He is a former U.S. Army officer who served as an agricultural adviser during a 1969 tour in Vietnam, his brother said.
Russell said people are concerned because Hargrove's abduction is the first kidnapping of a CIAT staff member during the organization's 25 years of operation in Colombia.
He is a former U.S. Army officer who served as an agricultural adviser during a 1969 tour in Vietnam, his brother said.
Russell said people are concerned because Hargrove's abduction is the first kidnapping of a CIAT staff member during the organization's 25 years of operation in Colombia.
Mitchell himself used passion, and the filibuster rule, to thwart Republican efforts to cut taxes on capital gains during the Bush administration.
The Russian government maintains close bonds with the Bosnian Serbs, and Yeltsin declared during a photo session in the Oval Office later that his ``response would be negative'' if the United States moved on its own to arm the Muslim-led Bosnian government.
Clinton does not have formal tastings before important events, the kind of tastings that made White House chefs tremble during the Reagan administration.
The Russian government maintains close bonds with the Bosnian Serbs, and Yeltsin declared during a photo session in the Oval Office later that his ``response would be negative'' if the United States moved on its own to arm the Muslim-led Bosnian government.
``There was never a hint of dishonesty,'' Costopoulos said of Larsen's testimony during the trial.
Laffer, whose philosophy Cuomo ridiculed during the Reagan and Bush administrations.
She is proud of her job at a local factory where for more than a decade she has helped construct light fixtures, enduring over that span different work hours -- the day shift, the evening shift and now the night shift.
The former football star, apparently keeping up with media coverage of the trial, commented about the source of the lyrics he reportedly sang during a break in jury selection Monday.
The prosecutor's motion claims that seating a jury and then expecting them to ignore all media coverage during the well-publicized genetic testing hearing ``is to expect the impossible and runs contrary to human nature.'' Prosecutors propose to send the pool of jurors home after they have completed the questionnaires and have them return for final jury selection at the conclusion of the so-called Kelly-Frye hearing.
The consequence would be a dismissal (by an appeals court) if he did not get a statutory speedy trial.'' Reiner believes the defense would be delighted if the controversy over the reliability of genetic testing leaks out to the jury during the lengthy pretrial hearing.
Whenever someone held the stick and talked, Jeary recalled during a recent interview in Muirhead's office at the Saatchi building, everyone was obliged to listen.
Officials said that when New Jersey residents were shown parts of the new campaign during testing, 7 percent reported that they were more likely to vacation within the state.
That linkup, Clinton declared, ``held the promise not only of the war's end but also of an enduring peace that, sadly, was deferred for decades.'' Semyon Komissar, a survivor of the battle of Stalingrad with tousled hair, thick glasses and gray suit lapels covered with medals, said he was upset that the Russians had not been invited to Normandy.
But the new red-brick structure around the corner has never been occupied because it was bugged by Soviet workmen during the construction process.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Soon after the arrival ceremony, Clinton showed Yeltsin around the Oval Office, pointing out a picture of daughter Chelsea in Russia during the leaders' summit in January.
But he has about 2,000 proposals that he has received during his recent cross-country meetings with players.
Its members suggested in their questions during a hearing on Sunday that they are skeptical about this use of the police.
Filmed during Prime Minister John Major's 1992 re-election campaign, ``London'' examines a metropolis whose stately old architecture is increasingly dwarfed by hideous post-modern skyscrapers and mocked by garish billboards.
Clinton does not have formal tastings before important events, the kind of tastings that made White House chefs tremble during the Reagan administration.
Why did Bettman impose such insulting, patronizing conditions as no meal money, travel allowances or health insurance during training camp?
Stern presided over the league during its rise to unprecedented prosperity and visibility and was rewarded with fulsome praise and a $10-million-a-year contract.
``It would kill her.'' A Latino man in his 50s, who has a bladder control problem, indicated it might pose a problem during long days in court.
A 60-day suspension from the team after his arrest, during which Adams underwent weekly counseling with an Austin-based psychiatrist before being reinstated Aug.28.
A one-game suspension, served during Texas' season opener against Pittsburgh, for accepting free use of a rental car for five weeks during the summer in violation of NCAA amateurism rules.
His primary duties has been overseeing the Orioles' minor-league system, which fell into disrepair during the mid-1980's after their 1983 championship.
His primary duties has been overseeing the Orioles' minor-league system, which fell into disrepair during the mid-1980's after their 1983 championship.
He was elected to the House of Representatives and died at age 80 at the Capitol after being stricken during a debate.
Q: How much has Jean-Bertrand Aristide and his retinue cost the United States during his exile?
Underwater, they emit a ping.'' An audio recording of the cockpit voice recorder cannot be released by law, but a transcript of what was recorded is released during a scheduled hearing or at the end of an investigation.
He'd worn hard contact lenses for more than 30 years, but they irritated his eyes, especially during hot, humid summers.
``Bob in effect served as the bridge between our delegation, de facto Haitian authorities, our Embassy and our military forces during the critical, initial phase of our military deployment in Port-au-Prince.
That desire has taken on an urgency with the consolidation within the entertainment industry during the past year.
Police Chief Dennis DeWitt said his entire department had required ``a lot of psychological debriefing.'' But while he expected to lose some officers to stress-related retirement, he said, ``that hasn't happened.'' The department has been sharing lessons learned during the investigation with other law enforcement agencies.
You might receive garbled stories during those 1 to 6 minutes on each day.
Roosevelt was vastly successful as a father-persuader, restoring his nation's confidence during the Great Depression and mobilizing the resources of a free people in the cause of destroying fascist tyranny.
``The dignity of the office depended on the sense of space and respect for privacy that it was given at the time,'' Goodwin said during a Seattle visit.
He even suffered an angina attack during a speech at the Puget Sound Naval Shipyard in Bremerton, Wash.
``The creation of modern America took place during the war,'' said Goodwin.
He just knew he was going to succeed.'' Against a Miami team that arguably has the best athletes in college football, Lambright's Huskies proved themselves to be more enduring.
Seventeen years later, when I was covering the White House, I made arrangements for my family to leave the Washington area during the Cuban missile crisis because of fear of an impending nuclear holocaust.
``Western classical music in Asia is so supported and highly respected,'' said Masur, who toured Japan with the Philharmonic during the summer, ``that the people in Europe and other Western countries are at the moment lagging behind this high standard of musical and cultural education.'' In the West, Japanese visual arts took hold after a brief craze for Japonisme in the late 19th century in both the United States and Europe.
Miki was born in 1930 in Tokushima, on the southern island of Shikoku, and his experiences in Japan during World War II shaped many of his internationalist concerns.
It was during the postwar dawn of commercial television, Redford recalled.
Elementary school teacher Blossom Galbiso wanted to teach her students a game that she had played with milk bottle caps during the '30s.
The critics lacerated the show while the ratings, which during the previous season had hit an 11-year peak, dropped sharply.
The one time he raised his voice during an interview that lasted well over an hour was when the subject of those ghosts came up.
``For Cedras, Panama appears to be the leading option.'' Nunn said that during his private meetings with Biamby during whirlwind negotiations in Port-au-Prince on Sept.
``We wouldn't have lived more than a couple of minutes in that water,'' he said last week during an interview.
The B-29 bellied-in -- with the wheels up -- to land on a frozen lake 300 miles from the North Pole during a Cold War reconnaissance flight.
And even though the fax/modem received incoming documents in the background, allowing me to continue work during receipt, in practice splitting the computer's attention between two tasks caused the system to slow down.
Nonsubscribers may purchase the photo by calling 212-556-4204.) BANK-ROBBERIES (Los Angeles) -- In Los Angeles, the bank-robbery capital of the United States, hold-ups are down by half over the past two year, FBI agents told about 300 Southern California bankers during a daylong meeting in Santa Monica, Calif.
McDonald's recently announced that it will operate six of its fast-food restaurants at the Olympic Village during the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, feeding 15,000 athletes, coaches and officials free of charge, if not free of fatty, fried foods.
Still, the McDonald's restaurants in the Olympic Village should be full, serving 7,500 meals a day during the Games.
Kenny Monday, who has won a gold and silver medal in freestyle wrestling, said he might opt for a pancake breakfast at McDonald's during competition in Atlanta and a Big Mac, ice cream and a slice of apple pie once competition ended.
King was born in Mount Vernon, N.Y., received a bachelor's degree from the Hampton Institute in Virginia in 1941 and was an infantryman in Italy during World War II.
Why promote a key player in this mess just long enough to do more damage during the high-stakes election season?
(At least Christopher, who had attended ``Quiz Show'' during the Carter-Cedras negotiations, didn't have to be tracked down at ``Natural Born Killers.'') As for Ms. Myers, Gergen oozed, ``Everybody cares about Dee Dee, everybody loves Dee Dee,'' in a tone that couldn't have been more patronizing.
As Alex explains during the film, people who have been irradiated have no way of knowing at the time because you can't see, smell, hear, taste or touch radiation -- hence they think the sky is blue and everything's fine when in fact it isn't.
He is 13 years older than I, and I tell people that I was born during World War II when there were shortages of strategic supplies -- like rubber.
The strategy is intended to build on the spectacular ratings the network received for figure skating during the last two Winter Olympics, specifically last February's ratings bonanza fueled by the Kerrigan-Tonya Harding scandal.
12, from the Providence Civic Center, to provide maximum ratings impact during the network sweeps period in November when advertising rates are set.
``We wouldn't have lived more than a couple of minutes in that water,'' he said last week during an interview.
The B-29 bellied-in -- with the wheels up -- to land on a frozen lake 300 miles from the North Pole during a Cold War reconnaissance flight.
The governor's child health insurance proposal was notable because he failed to support an expansion of the program during a special session of the Legislature last year.
Krizia is reportedly planning a dinner for 400 during the fall shows.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) On the wall of his office, Rose has a photograph of a hospital vehicle with a red cross on it that was destroyed in NATO bombing during the Serbian assault on the eastern Muslim enclave of Gorazde earlier this year.
I have never been as religious as I was during that dive.
The night when Taylor fell on his left shoulder during a fight nine months ago and severely jeopardized his baseball career is a blur to him.
``Now I'm at a point where it doesn't bother me to throw,'' said Taylor, who has been hampered by ``little pains'' during his rehabilitation, but has not ended any throwing sessions prematurely.
Taylor's inspiration has come from following the travails other pro athletes are enduring to return to their sports, including Mario Lemieux of the Pittsburgh Penguins, Larry Johnson of the Charlotte Hornets and Bobby Hurley of the Sacramento Kings.
The commission's report will charge the front with having committed crimes during the war.
Most uses of asbestos were banned in the United States during the 1970s, though the material can be found in homes built as late as 1982.
He said the company had only started running at a profit this year after suffering large losses during its start-up period.
Ward was named the most valuable player during the Doral Arrowwood Summer League, averaging 12.8 points and 6.8 points for the Knicks.
Ward, 6 feet 2 inches, has excellent quickness, sees the floor well and was a better shooter during the summer than the Knicks expected.
I don't know if it will be during camp or by the beginning of the season.
``He has made steady progress during the off season.
20 and police say Ms. Artutis was apparently killed during that time.
Woolsey said Price had received a mild reprimand for failing to focus on the mole hunt during that period.
The partial removal of the exemption would enable the players to challenge a salary cap in court if the owners decided to impose it during the off-season.
The partial removal of the exemption would enable the players to challenge a salary cap in court if the owners decided to impose it during the off-season.
Yeltsin's side during a gala ceremony on the South Lawn on Tuesday and quietly dispatched a uniformed military aide to fetch her sunglasses.
Asked during her tour of the Kennedy Center with Mrs.
Some intimates suggest that she should return to the issues she talked about during the campaign, involving children.
Yeltsin's side during a gala ceremony on the South Lawn on Tuesday and quietly dispatched a uniformed military aide to fetch her sunglasses.
Asked during her tour of the Kennedy Center with Mrs.
Some intimates suggest that she should return to the issues she talked about during the campaign, involving children.
Obviously delighted with what he had accomplished during two days in Washington, the Russian leader hammed it up with reporters, taunting them for falling behind.
Secretary of State Warren Christopher expressed hope that some settlement could be reached during this period, but Yeltsin was blunt.
It was during that time that he met and married Lynda Bird Johnson, the daughter of President Lyndon B.
They patted each other on the back after the signing ceremony, and Yeltsin apparently felt comfortable enough to joke with Clinton and reporters during the event.
Even during normal times, Haiti's National Assembly is a volatile institution, with debate often breaking down into shouting matches or fisticuffs and armed legislators waving their loaded weapons in the air or pointing them at other members.
But B.C. Ziegler & Co., a brokerage firm in West Bend, Wis., that sponsors the $51 million Principal Preservation Cash Reserve Fund, bailed out that fund during the summer.
Her campaign manager, Kam Kuwata, says she might spend as much as $15 million before the election, and during the final weeks will come close to matching Huffington dollar for dollar on television advertising.
Rowland, the Republican candidate, who said earlier this year that he believed the income tax, imposed in 1991 during a fiscal crisis, was probably here to stay, has recently staked his campaign on a promise to repeal all taxes on income in the state over five years.
Nonpartisan economists and budget experts who have looked at the Connecticut situation say that the $1 billion increase in taxes that walloped the state in 1991 when the income tax took hold -- a 22 percent jump in one year -- probably did deepen and prolong the recession, by taking money from people's pockets during an uncertain economic period.
Yeltsin's side during a gala ceremony on the South Lawn on Tuesday and quietly dispatched a uniformed military aide to fetch her sunglasses.
Asked during her tour of the Kennedy Center with Mrs.
Some intimates suggest that she should return to the issues she talked about during the campaign, involving children.
Those links were solidified when thousands of Russians mixed with local residents during the 1990 Goodwill Games, Walsh said.
Two-way Russian trade with the Pacific Northwest has grown 45 percent per year during the same period, from $30.2 million in 1989 to $192.8 million in 1993.
The victory in the Tchaikovsky competition when Cliburn was 23 was the start of an enduring love affair with Russia and its people.
On the stage during the ceremony, he hugged and kissed both first ladies, who beamed back at him.
Mark McGeehan, commander of the 325th Bomb Squadron at Fairchild, attempted to have Holland permanently grounded after he almost crashed during a low-level maneuver at the Yakima Training Center on March 10.
Holland, a veteran B-52 pilot with more than 5,000 flight hours in the aircraft and chief evaluator with the 92nd Bomb Wing, was in the pilot's seat during the fatal practice mission for the annual Fairchild air show, the investigation said.
The report provides details about nine separate incidents during 1991-94 where Holland allegedly violated Air Force and Federal Aviation Administration safety rules.
Deputy District Attorney Bill Hodgman said too many variables conspire against a plan to pick a jury, send it home during the DNA hearing, and bring it back to court weeks later.
Deputy District Attorney Hodgman said too many variables conspire against a plan to pick a jury, send it home during the DNA hearing, and bring it back to court weeks later.
Williams said complaints that officers sloppily handled evidence during the early hours of the investigation into the June 12 knife slayings of Simpson's former wife and her friend are being driven by the Simpson defense.
Sophomore tight end John Allred broke his left fibula during Wednesday's practice and is out for the season.
CNN began offering on-line information earlier this year as part of a new program ``Talkback Live,'' which allows television viewers to send computer messages during broadcasts, Clater said.
Shelp, who was hired by the Los Angeles city Fire Department shortly after the blaze, had been placed on an administrative desk job during the investigation and remains there.
``I'm disappointed, but depressed is not the word,'' Kings general manager Sam McMaster said during his team's 8-4 loss to the Sharks.
In addition, Tagliabue said, the new teams will be eligible to sign unrestricted and restricted players during the five-month free-agency period from an as-yet-unspecified date in mid-February until July 15.
There are just some details that need to be ironed out.'' Unable to hide his enthusiasm for the Rangers' presence even in the midst of a hard-nosed contract dispute, Messier complimented Smith during his speech at the function.
He wore a cast during practice Wednesday, and accidentally clubbed safety James Washington while going for an interception.
The backlog at Justice is due to the fact that the FBI spied on so many Americans -- particularly during the reign of J.
``Just as Clinton did during his campaign, he is wooing businessmen, promising not to raise taxes and claiming that he's more mindful of their needs than the Conservatives, the traditional businessmen's party.'' Blair is said to keep by his side at all times a briefing book filled with clippings about Clinton's political techniques.
``Just as Clinton did during his campaign, he is wooing businessmen, promising not to raise taxes and claiming that he's more mindful of their needs than the Conservatives, the traditional businessmen's party.'' Blair is said to keep by his side at all times a briefing book filled with clippings about Clinton's political techniques.
``Just as Clinton did during his campaign, he is wooing businessmen, promising not to raise taxes and claiming that he's more mindful of their needs than the Conservatives, the traditional businessmen's party.'' Blair is said to keep by his side at all times a briefing book filled with clippings about Clinton's political techniques.
And, for what it's worth, during lovemaking, one woman in three under the age of 35 says she takes off her own bra.
And, for what it's worth, during lovemaking, one woman in three under the age of 35 says she takes off her own bra.
COMEDIC GRACE SHINES ON SALES' MOSES(F LOS ANGELES  (BC-GOD-SALES-FILM-LADN) After decades in show business, Soupy Sales is enjoying some of his nicest reviews ever for a role in which he plays himself -- playing Moses -- in a new independent comedy, ``...And God Spoke.'' ``They couldn't get Charlton Heston, so they got me,'' Sales joked during an interview this month at a Beverly Hills hotel.
Unlike them, though, Sales had a long career in stand-up comedy to prepare him for the task of playing himself during his non-Moses scenes.
Early on, even during the stage-setting scenes along the placid Flathead, it became clear that a separate camera boat simply would be unable to capture key dialogue exchanges, let alone the coming action.
It was during one of these shots that they almost lost Streep.
Ulrike Poppe, who was imprisoned by the East German secret police during the 1980s, said the revived communists ``kind of like to put the lid on history.'' But the reform movement ``demands a fair coming to grips with the past, which isn't popular in the east or the west now.'' Poppe, 41, said, ``Democracy is not God-given.
``The west doesn't ask about the easterners' courage during 1989.
The prostate is a walnut-sized gland attached to the base of the bladder that provides semen during ejaculation.
The prostate is a walnut-sized gland attached to the base of the bladder that provides semen during ejaculation.
COMEDIC GRACE SHINES ON SALES' MOSES LOS ANGELES  (BC-GOD-SALES-FILM-LADN) After decades in show business, Soupy Sales is enjoying some of his nicest reviews ever for a role in which he plays himself -- playing Moses -- in a new independent comedy, ``...And God Spoke.'' ``They couldn't get Charlton Heston, so they got me,'' Sales joked during an interview this month at a Beverly Hills hotel.
Unlike them, though, Sales had a long career in stand-up comedy to prepare him for the task of playing himself during his non-Moses scenes.
He signs the pitcher, who becomes nauseous on the mound during his first game.
Leroy Shield's affiliation with Roach ended during the late 1930s even as fellow music man Marvin Hatley became the Roach composer of preference.
There had been no observation of American prisoners.'' This past week, investigators for the Pentagon, Congress and private POW-MIA groups confirmed that American prisoners were held in caves in Laos during the Vietnam War.
It's people with similar interests coming together.'' Garges says there are between 60 and 100 members in the Dallas club; more people join during the summer, she says, and not all participate in working at Ronald McDonald House.
Prakhon Chai is the site of a discovery, in 1964, of some 300 exquisite bronze statues of Maitreya, Avalokiteshvara and other Buddhist deities made during the seventh through ninth centuries by unknown artists of an affluent and sophisticated Buddhist culture.
But just as important during the past seven years has been audience growth.
In the foreseeable future, the company will continue to focus on works of Balanchine, the great Russian-born choreographer who created American dance during his long career at New York City Ballet, with additional works by Mejia.
One Sunday at the Duffau Baptist Church in Erath County, a white clapboard building beneath towering shade trees, worshipers began to scratch during the sermon.
``A mama dog had a litter under the church and infested the church with fleas.'' At Round Grove, the youngsters recalled the bird that flew in during a sermon, the tree lizards that leaped across the aisles, the frogs they have carried in from the outdoors and the skeleton of what may have been a raccoon.
A study of 440 children in the Denver area suggested a higher incidence of brain tumors and leukemia among children who ate hot dogs once a week or whose mothers did during pregnancy.
Q: Is it dangerous to be on a water bed during lightning?
People engaged in recreational activities such as golfing, swimming and fishing, and workers on tractors or construction equipment, are most at risk during electrical storms.
The lesson emerged during a training exercise at the Houston Police Academy, where a dozen reporters and photographers were given a firsthand look at the risk police officers take every time they are confronted by someone who could kill them.
It was all a sham, really; as narrator Will Lyman tells us, during the incredible popularity of the quiz shows, ``For the first time, America's heroes were experts and intellectuals.'' No longer.
He does another deft job of conveying a heroine's secret anxieties, at least during the first half of his story.
Then, on a dark and stormy night, Gail ruins her credentials as an outdoorswoman by bathing in a river during an electrical storm.
Set during Prohibition and centered on a pleasant young playwright (John Cusack) with a delusional view of his own talents, it enjoys the antics of cheerfully ridiculous stock characters while also throwing in a stunning wild card.
A high-quality filtration system allowed Coca-Cola to continue operation during the Milwaukee outbreak.
Air Force weather forecasters said there was a 70 percent chance that the weather would permit a launching during the two-and-a-half-hour period, starting at 7:16 a.m., when that will be possible.
The attack occurred about a mile from city hall, where Mayor Evans Paul had just been welcomed by thousands of supporters as he emerged under U.S. guard after nearly three years in hiding during the military dictatorship.
``If the Macoutes lose, everyone will lose,'' said Frank Pierre, the group's leader, referring to the feared Ton-Ton Macoutes paramilitaries that terrorized the population during the 29-year Duvalier dictatorship.
	WASHINGTON (NYT) -- Fresh signs of unexpected economic vigor emerged Thursday as the government published a series of upbeat statistical reports on recent developments in housing and employment while raising for a second time its estimate of total output during the spring.
	Probably the most important of Thursday's figures was a 9.7 percent jump in sales of new homes during August despite rising interest rates.
But the consummate political skills of both Democrats, honed during liberalism's bleakest days in the midst of Reaganomics, cast doubt on partisan suggestions that they are on the verge of electoral extinction.
The irony for Cuomo is that after three terms as governor, he is known for little more than his eloquent speeches in defense of his party's liberal traditions during the Reagan presidency.
No fine was levied against his millions earned as a Mafia construction racket chief during his killing years.
Some of that work took place during normal working hours, Deuschle testified.
Wheat's charge comes during a week when the six-term Kansas City congressman has questioned Ashcroft's use of the state airplane.
Gooden failed four drug tests during the season -- the two others came in early June -- and served 45 days of a 60-day suspension handed down by the league on June 28.
Coach Jacques Lemaire was so disgusted with the players' lackadaisical approach during an intrasquad scrimmage at Byrne Meadowlands Arena that he called the players off the ice.
He arrived at HarperCollins as publisher of the trade paperback division and was later promoted to publisher of the adult trade division during a time of expansion in the company.
ECONOMIC INDICATORS ARE LOOKING ROSY WASHINGTON  (BC-ECON-REPORT-500&ADD-NYT) Fresh signs of persistent economic vigor emerged Thursday as the government published upbeat reports on housing and employment, while raising for a second time its estimate of total output during the spring.
The Labor Department found that the price of imported goods other than oil surged six-tenths of 1 percent for the second straight month, double the average advance during the period of March through June.
found that prospects for higher sales, profits and hiring during the fourth quarter ``decreased moderately'' with economic growth ``one notch slower by the end of the year.'' Thursday's housing report showed that builders' inventories of new homes would last 5.7 months at the August sales pace, down from 6 months at the end of July.
ECONOMIC INDICATORS ARE LOOKING ROSY WASHINGTON  (BC-ECON-REPORT-500&ADD-NYT) Fresh signs of persistent economic vigor emerged Thursday as the government published upbeat reports on housing and employment, while raising for a second time its estimate of total output during the spring.
The Labor Department found that the price of imported goods other than oil surged six-tenths of 1 percent for the second straight month, double the average advance during the period of March through June.
found that prospects for higher sales, profits and hiring during the fourth quarter ``decreased moderately'' with economic growth ``one notch slower by the end of the year.'' Thursday's housing report showed that builders' inventories of new homes would last 5.7 months at the August sales pace, down from 6 months at the end of July.
For instance, big merchants here have refused to open their doors since marines fatally shot 10 Haitian soldiers during a firefight on Saturday night.
While Goodenow's performance was not stirring, it was the classiest TV moment by a union leader during this unusual confluence of labor problems in baseball, basketball, hockey and football.
NBC and AFC Are Beaming NBC is crowing that the 11.8 rating for its American Football Conference games during September gives it an edge in the first month of the season over the National Football Conference package for the first time in 14 years.
Mike Synar, D-Okla., the bill's co-sponsor, remains hopeful that the bill could go before the full House during the current session.
The Hungarian coalition government that took office under Prime Minister Gyula Horn this summer has warned that more painful adjustments lie ahead, with government spending cuts on welfare programs that shelter people during the transition.
 (BC-DIVIDED-EUROPE-4THTAKE-NYT) Security: West's Protection Proves Uncertain The Western institutions that were created to deal with the Soviet threat during the Cold War also seem to many eastern Europeans to have been slow to respond to the new security challenge posed by instability and potential disorder to the east.
Marilyn Schaja, an economist with Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette, saw the revised figure as confirming that growth during the quarter was dominated by inventory accumulation.
Hinckley Jr. during the assassination attempt on the president in 1981.
His supporters here said that while he is willing to broaden that package to include offenses committed during the last year, he opposes a blanket amnesty that would include crimes such as murder, rape and torture committed by the military and its gunmen.
The attack occurred about a mile from city hall, where Mayor Evans Paul had just been welcomed by thousands of supporters as he emerged under U.S. guard after nearly three years in hiding during the military dictatorship.
``If the Macoutes lose, everyone will lose,'' said Frank Pierre, the group's leader, referring to the feared Ton-Ton Macoutes paramilitaries that terrorized the population during the 29-year Duvalier dictatorship.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) At a meeting Thursday afternoon, Hollings told Mitchell that he still intended to block the bill for 45 days but that he would not insist that the Senate remain in session during that period.
Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen seemed to be trying to prepare the financial markets for such a move during his news conference on Wednesday.
Thursday's union offer was made during a news conference in Toronto.
Bob Ufer, the commissioner of the IHL, said Thursday that the league has no policy against using NHL players during a work stoppage and that he would let teams decide on a case-by-case basis.
Earlier this week, Bettman said that players wouldn't be paid during a postponement, although training facilities would be open to players who wish to work out.
Among the cutbacks are reduction in payments for pension and insurance, refusal to pay for players' travel expenses to training camp, elimination of per diem meal money during training camp, abolition of arbitration procedures and a drastic reduction in bonus money for playoff participation.
The relationship that this part of the country and Russia first established during the Cold War is another reason business projects are now bearing fruit, officials say.
One complaint accuses him of ``grossly mismanaging the care of a patient,'' a woman who began hemorrhaging during an abortion and had to be taken to a hospital emergency room.
Whitman's tax pledge was widely dismissed as not doable by the Democrats when she first made it during her campaign last fall, but their attacks were deflected by her unshakeable commitment to the plan.
And Thursday, Rivera was at City Hall to receive a Police Combat Cross for another incident, his actions during a rooftop gunfight in Brooklyn.
Clapton is seen here during the filming of a video.
Clapton is seen here during the filming of a video.
Clapton is seen here during the filming of a video.
CHIEFS ROOKIE HILL NOT FORGOTTEN KANSAS CITY, Mo.  (BC-FBN-CHIEFS-KAN) Greg Hill's moment of fame in his brief NFL career came during the Chiefs' nationally televised game at Atlanta two weeks ago.
1 through April 30 to help reduce fuel emissions during the cold winter months.
Kessel said that oxygenated fuel had been on the market for the last two winters and that during each season prices rose by as much as 12 cents a gallon, despite industry projections that the increases would be only 3 to 5 cents a gallon.
No residents died in the blaze, or during the panicked flight that choked the only road out of the development.
``Doors are actually kicked in during the day,'' said Yvonne Varner, another renter.
Yingling said there had been some break-ins at the complex during a brief period when outsiders were able to pass themselves off as new tenants, but that it had ceased to be a problem.
Some of them were played indoors and some were played outside and one was even played on ice during the winter.
From this coast comes another version, with more sordid details, from those who would know: 'Twas actually Firestone who last spring informed ESPN's top execs during a Beverly Hills meeting that, you know, I've got a production deal with a syndicator to do a weeknight talk show starting next year -- something like Bob Costas' old ``Later'' thing -- and as much as I've enjoyed all the cool stuff we've done this year -- like pocketing that 15-pound marble ash tray at Joe Montana's house -- I really feel it's time to pass the torch on ``Up Close'' so maybe we can shop for a new host -- Chris Myers would love to come back out here -- and I'll try to quietly schlep away.
In the political race, the contestants are down from four to three after the withdrawal of Douglas Wilder, a Democrat who opted to run as an independent and who now knows (thanks to poll ratings of around 12 percent) just how unpopular he managed to make himself during his four years as Virginia's governor.
In the political race, the contestants are down from four to three after the withdrawal of Douglas Wilder, a Democrat who opted to run as an independent and who now knows (thanks to poll ratings of around 12 percent) just how unpopular he managed to make himself during his four years as Virginia's governor.
In the political race, the contestants are down from four to three after the withdrawal of Douglas Wilder, a Democrat who opted to run as an independent and who now knows (thanks to poll ratings of around 12 percent) just how unpopular he managed to make himself during his four years as Virginia's governor.
This restructuring, which resulted in a pre-tax $1.2 billion charge in 1993, should cut pre-tax costs by more than $1 billion during 1994 and 1995.
This restructuring, which resulted in a pre-tax $1.2 billion charge in 1993, should cut pre-tax costs by more than $1 billion during 1994 and 1995.
He told a crowd of several hundred that he was grateful for the warm welcome he had received during his brief visit.
As our pundit, Lexington, grapples with consciousness, he is dimly aware that, during the long election night just past, something truly strange happened.
As our pundit, Lexington, grapples with consciousness, he is dimly aware that, during the long election night just past, something truly strange happened.
As our pundit, Lexington, grapples with consciousness, he is dimly aware that, during the long election night just past, something truly strange happened.
Rowdy crowds have staged jubilant demonstrations during which American soldiers have appeared not to know what to do.
Rowdy crowds have staged jubilant demonstrations during which American soldiers have appeared not to know what to do.
Rowdy crowds have staged jubilant demonstrations during which American soldiers have appeared not to know what to do.
But he gave Bettman another option during a news conference at Skydome in Toronto, which ironically has been without baseball since Aug.
Bettman, from his New York office, discussed the union's proposal with the league's Board of Governors during a 2{ hour conference call, then released a one-sentence statement that said his response will come at 1 p.m. EDT today.
If salaries triple again in the next three years, everybody's out of business.'' Goodenow acknowledged during his news conference that NHL wages have more than doubled ``in the last four or five years,'' from the $230-240,000 range to the present level of about $570,000.
With teams in Fort Pierce, Miami and Fort Lauderdale, they competed in what was called the East Coast League during the 1920s.
Preston Tillman, who lived a block away, used to sell sodas during games and scramble for worn-out fielding gloves that players would toss into the crowd afterward.
The Trotwood student met the university president for the first time a couple of Saturdays ago during a breakfast to launch the program.
A workshop designed to introduce new Antioch students to the sexual-offense policy was scheduled for four hours -- longer than a workshop on racial issues, longer than any other single event during the college's seven-day orientation program.
Optional add follows.) Christopher excelled at the largely unheralded work of quiet negotiation that is at the heart of traditional diplomacy during the four years he served as deputy secretary of state in the Carter administration.
In the political race, the contestants are down from four to three after the withdrawal of Douglas Wilder, a Democrat who opted to run as an independent and who now knows (thanks to poll ratings of around 12 percent) just how unpopular he managed to make himself during his four years as Virginia's governor.
In the political race, the contestants are down from four to three after the withdrawal of Douglas Wilder, a Democrat who opted to run as an independent and who now knows (thanks to poll ratings of around 12 percent) just how unpopular he managed to make himself during his four years as Virginia's governor.
This restructuring, which resulted in a pre-tax $1.2 billion charge in 1993, should cut pre-tax costs by more than $1 billion during 1994 and 1995.
This restructuring, which resulted in a pre-tax $1.2 billion charge in 1993, should cut pre-tax costs by more than $1 billion during 1994 and 1995.
As our pundit, Lexington, grapples with consciousness, he is dimly aware that, during the long election night just past, something truly strange happened.
As our pundit, Lexington, grapples with consciousness, he is dimly aware that, during the long election night just past, something truly strange happened.
As our pundit, Lexington, grapples with consciousness, he is dimly aware that, during the long election night just past, something truly strange happened.
Rowdy crowds have staged jubilant demonstrations during which American soldiers have appeared not to know what to do.
Rowdy crowds have staged jubilant demonstrations during which American soldiers have appeared not to know what to do.
Rowdy crowds have staged jubilant demonstrations during which American soldiers have appeared not to know what to do.
Frank Sosa, who was raised by family in Los Angeles, said he hadn't been able to go to Cuba before because of prior Cuban restrictions on people who left during the Mariel Boatlift.
Proponents of ``safe'' meat and animal rights activists were in full force at the convention hotel, which became center stage for protesters during the lunch hour.
Van Bao and Tai will be introduced at the Eye Gallery Thursday night, followed by a presentation on ``A Matter of Conscience: GI Resistance during the Vietnam War'' by William Short and Willa Seidenberg.
It was one of hundreds of pictures Van Bao took during the war, from shots of militia with homemade mortars to women sitting beside an anti-aircraft gun to a soldier leaning forward to feed chickens gathered around his trench.
War is losing, for everyone.'' Tai, who lost an eye during Tet of 1968 when his army unit was caught in a firefight in Saigon, took a series of photos of North Vietnamese soldiers filtering down the Ho Chi Minh trail during the height of the war.
Filmed on Fort Worth-Dallas locations during two weeks in the spring, ``Stealin' Home'' is a reflection of Carstarphen's long-standing fascination with an outlaw market for stolen possessions that he has found to exist, concentrated largely in south Dallas.
The tower commemorates the hill's use as a lookout and signal station during the revolution.
Across River Road to the east is the Thompson-Neely House, which served as a gathering place for officers and soldiers during the December 1776 encampment.
It was a slow-growing species -- during that period, it had only increased in length about seven inches.
Renteria became a celebrity among the lawn-care crowd when he drove away with the U.S. Lawnmower Racing Association's first-place trophy in Chicago in early September during the STA-BIL Nationals.
The competition with champions from other states started out poorly, with Steel Rose reaching only 14 mph during qualifying meets.
The amendment gained support after Unsoeld's efforts last fall to find money to remove the lions temporarily during the steelhead run -- in effect jailing them during the critical time period -- foundered over the projected $1million cost.
``Then there is this groundbreaking, incredible-looking animation that is worked in during two segments per show....
Packed with egocentric anecdotes, musings and reprints of memos, faxes and scrawled handwritten notes, the volume could have been subtitled ``What I did and said and thought, or might have, during the campaign.'' Some of the author's unconventional memos to colleagues reach the point of tedium.
SALOME 	(NYT2) LEIPZIG, Germany -- September 30, 1994 -- GERMANY-LEIPZIG-COX-CLR-1, 9-30 -- St. Nicholas's Lutheran Church was Leipzig's citadel for prayer protests against the communist government during the uprising five years ago.
SALOME 	(NYT2) LEIPZIG, Germany -- September 30, 1994 -- GERMANY-LEIPZIG-COX-CLR-1, 9-30 -- St. Nicholas's Lutheran Church was Leipzig's citadel for prayer protests against the communist government during the uprising five years ago.
The New Romantics wear aristocratic tweeds during the day and wear black-tie, sip champagne and lounge on satin sofas at night.
Their ultimately tragic relationship unfolds during a period of years in a way that is beautiful to behold.
Fall, who dresses in sharply cut double-breasted suits with a flair honed during his days at UNESCO's Paris headquarters, is a man constantly in motion, dropping in on the simply furnished newsroom, leading seemingly endless meetings and, always, inquiring about the state of communications links with the rest of Africa.
30 concert at Sandstone Amphitheatre, a middle-aged man just 20 rows from the stage chatted on a cellular phone during the sweet ballad ``I Can't Make You Love Me.'' ``Do you hear that?'' he asked, pointing the phone toward the stage.
Berbers fought the French fiercely during the war of independence in the 1950s and early 1960s, and the mountain region is well stocked with arms.
``States like Pennsylvania have no way to control interstate waste,'' Casey said during an interview.
Piht was not in command during the voyage but is believed to have been on the bridge.
And it was more peculiar hearing the Hall of Fame coach say, during a week like this, that he would consider returning to the National Football League as a consultant.
I tuned in once when poor Charles Van Doren was pretending to search the nethermost depths of memory to answer some absurd question: What was the cube root of the Hittite army during the Babylonian Captivity?
And he is judged for his work as a senator.'' When asked about North's role in the Iran-Contra arms-for-hostages scandal during the Reagan administration, Quayle said: ``You can go back and look at everybody's past.
I don't think we want to start that.'' As Quayle ripped into President Clinton time and again during his 20-minute speech at the Oakwood Country Club, North was all smiles, appearing thrilled to share the head table with a like-minded spirit of the Republican right.
The images collected by the Endeavour crew during their 10-day mission will be compared by scientists with the images gathered by the radar in April.
But investors are hardly leaving out South Africa, whose economy was built on gold, the most enduring of all commodities.
He was ridiculed by an Arizona cartoonist during the editorial writers' visit for reversing his endorsement on a controversial ballot measure within a matter of hours.
That championship team's motto during Super Bowl week was ``Poise and Execution.'' The two words are inscribed on the victory rings.
He couldn't understand during the Bears' game why he felt out of it, why he seemed to be coasting at times.
``But I never sensed that during the course of that game (with Seattle).
Phillips, McCurdy's campaign manager, said the Oklahoman supported Clinton's ideas during the presidential campaign, such as a middle-class tax cut, which are different than Clinton's policies as president.
As he sharpened his art skills during the Depression, he worked as a bellhop at the New Yorker Hotel, making $2 a day.
``Michael was shaking during the ride, and he pleaded with Summers not to harm him,'' Gribetz said.
Hedging against those risks became a far more intricate game during the 80s as more and more nations opened up their financial markets.
William Manchester, who teaches at Wesleyan University and is the author of biography of Douglas MacArthur, who commanded the Pacific forces during the war, said the initial low estimate of potential invasion casualties in the exhibit was preposterous.
Marathon meetings during the last two weeks between museum officials and representatives of the American Legion, one of groups leading the criticism, produced a settlement.
I worked obtaining money and arms, humanitarian aid for the combatants.'' It was during this time that Belli started writing poetry seriously.
Casey vowed to continue the fight to protect unborn children during an impassioned speech to 4,000 energized conservatives in the nation's capital.
The marchers, numbering in the thousands, headed toward the metropolitan cemetery to honor the unarmed Haitian men, women and children killed by army troops during the coup three years ago Friday.
She picked up her tiny dog, Kiki, when it started yapping during the candidate's speech.
The committee also concluded that most of the nation's sharp increase in business inventories during the second quarter mainly reflected voluntary decisions by companies to offer more goods for sale.
Asked what she hoped to accomplish during her tenure, she said mainly to see Mrs.
Several owners said during their conference call Thursday they volunteered to fly in for the press conference.
These sites were the subject of concentrated radar studies during the earlier mission.
Ermelinda, a full-time homemaker who cares for her son's two daughters during the day, and Ralph, who works at Lockheed, had no idea about the cost of college or how to prepare for it.
The meeting is expected to come up with a directive for the players to follow during the postponement period.
Players interviewed in a restaurant-bar called P.M. Toronto, half a block from Maple Leaf Gardens, said they were unhappy at the rejection by the owners of the players' pledge not to strike during the season or playoffs so that the season could open Saturday as scheduled.
``The guys have trained hard during the summer and trained hard together for a month now.'' He called the postponement ``bad for the game.'' Butcher said he felt ``sorry for fans that are being dragged in this and put through all this fighting and bickering.'' Maple Leafs left wing Ken Baumgartner, a vice president of the players association, said he felt ``somewhat frustrated'' that an agreement hasn't been reached but ``somewhat optimistic'' that a potential exists for agreement.
Although he strongly advocated changes in campaign finance rules during his race for the presidency, Clinton has not placed much public emphasis on the issue since he took office.
Changing the rules on campaign spending was a staple of Clinton's promises during his race for the presidency in 1992.
``It's night and day.'' It is also, chapter and verse, the sort of thing that Clinton condemned during his 1992 campaign for the White House.
In ``soft money,'' the big donations from companies and wealthy individuals that go to party coffers rather than specific candidates, the Democrats outraised the Republicans during that period by 2 to 1.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) While Clinton could voluntarily temper his party's fund-raising -- Michael Dukakis refused corporate and labor money and individual gifts of more than $100,000 during his 1988 presidential primary race -- ecstatic Democrats seem to have no stomach for it.
Yeltsin, during his visit this week.
But there is no clear evidence of impropriety in those or other cases, any more than in similar instances during Republican administrations.
There was evidence that was already happening during the shootout at FRAPH headquarters.
In doing so, the league sidestepped the players' suggestion that the season begin as scheduled so long as the players pledged not to strike during the regular season or playoffs.
But the American soldiers were nowhere near the announced route of the march, from the Basilica of Notre Dame, where a requiem mass was celebrated for the more than 3,000 people whom human rights groups say were killed during military rule, to the city cemetery.
There, the Haitians planned a ceremony for the thousands killed during the rule of the military regime that ousted Aristide's democratically elected government on Sept.
Administration officials said the options for keeping order during a march by supporters of Haiti's ousted leader were under review as late as Thursday evening, with the U.S. military authorities in Port-au-Prince discussing the issue with White House, State Department and Pentagon officials.
But the key question was what was the Americans would do with their troops, tanks and armored personnel carriers during the march.
Tucker spoke Friday during a Seattle forum on ``The Right to Die.'' Last May, representing four physicians and three terminally ill adults who have since died, she persuaded U.S. District Court Judge Barbara Rothstein to rule that Washington state's prohibition on assisted suicide violates the 14th Amendment to the U.S Constitution, just as state bans on abortion once did.
In doing so, the league sidestepped the players' suggestion that the season begin as scheduled so long as the players pledged not to strike during the regular season or playoffs.
He stepped down from his post as chairman and chief executive of the company during the investigation, but was reinstated and only demoted to vice chairman from chairman.
But that is where the Mississippi chef, who owns a restaurant called Liza in Natchez, will be Sunday during the opening night party for the musical ``Show Boat.'' 	The 1,500 guests will dine on historically accurate Southern food, the kind passengers on a Mississippi riverboat would have had when the boat stopped in Natchez, Miss., Vicksburg, Miss., and New Orleans.
Phil Gramm, R-Texas, rose to block the amendment during debate, Metzenbaum, mindful that Congress is scheduled to adjourn next week, withdrew his initiative.
Metzenbaum's retreat suspended the most serious attempt by members of Congress to use their bully pulpit -- and their power to annul an exemption upheld by the Supreme Court in 1922 -- against a game enduring its eighth work stoppage in 23 years.
Most analysts had predicted that another few days of lost production at Buick City would shut down GM completely during a period of robust demand for cars and trucks.
Norton said some of the veteran players will take the younger guys into their homes, so some semblance of team unity can remain during the idle time.
SALOME 	(NYT2) LEIPZIG, Germany -- September 30, 1994 -- GERMANY-LEIPZIG-COX-CLR-1, 9-30 -- St. Nicholas's Lutheran Church was Leipzig's citadel for prayer protests against the communist government during the uprising five years ago.
SALOME 	(NYT2) LEIPZIG, Germany -- September 30, 1994 -- GERMANY-LEIPZIG-COX-CLR-1, 9-30 -- St. Nicholas's Lutheran Church was Leipzig's citadel for prayer protests against the communist government during the uprising five years ago.
SALOME 	(NYT2) LEIPZIG, Germany -- September 30, 1994 -- GERMANY-LEIPZIG-COX-CLR-1, 9-30 -- St. Nicholas's Lutheran Church was Leipzig's citadel for prayer protests against the communist government during the uprising five years ago.
Gregarious and outgoing, he showed no signs of depression or even surprise during his first week in the country, friends said.
SALOME 	(NYT2) LEIPZIG, Germany -- September 30, 1994 -- GERMANY-LEIPZIG-COX-CLR-1, 9-30 -- St. Nicholas's Lutheran Church was Leipzig's citadel for prayer protests against the communist government during the uprising five years ago.
I want to play during the season.
I'm going to do as much as I can during camp, but I don't want to be dumb about it.'' Bound for Charleston The Knicks will spend the first four days of training camp in Purchase, N.Y., before traveling to Charleston, S.C., for four more days of work.
